# 202103013 - week 3

## Vocaculary
```
What work do you do?
```

cringe - to feel very embarrassed by something you have said or done because you think it makes you seem silly
- I cringed at the sight of my dad dancing.
- She cringed at the sound of her own voice.
- It makes me cringe when I think how stupid I was.

powder - a loose, dry substance that consists of extremely small pieces, usually made by breaking something up and crushing it
- curry powder.

grind - to make something into small pieces or a powder by pressing between hard surfaces
- freshly ground pepper
- to grind coffee
- shall I grind a little black pepper over your salad?

spill the beans - to tell people secret information
- So who spilled the beans about her affair with Joe?
- Does Phillip know about your, plan? Yes, someone must have spilled the beans?
- The class managed to keep the party a secret until Lorraine, unable to control herself any longer, spilled the beans

dictatorship - a country that is ruled by one person who has complete power
- In 1971, the country's 10 year military dictorship came to an end
- The dictatorship of Franco lasted for nearly 40 years.

most time

sponsor -  to pay the costs of a sports event, concert, etc., or of a sportsperson, in return for advertising
- BMW has plenty of practice sponsoring golf tournaments in Europe.
- this video is sponsored by Augment Company.

commission - to formally choose someone to do a special piece of work, or to formally ask for a special piece of work from someone
- She's commissioned an artist to paint her portrait.

learn by-heart - to learn something in such a way that you can say it from memory
- I have learnt the song by heart so that I **will** not need to bring any sheet music with me.
- My father can still recite the poems he learned by heart at school.


# Grammar
## Expressing Purpose

### Infinitive of Purpose
```
to + infinitive
```

- I went to the post office to collect a parcel
- to get the best deal, we'll need to book in advance


```
in order to + infinitive
so as to + infinitive

in order not to + infinitive
so as not to + infinitive
```
- we need to increase sales in order to make a profit
- we moved forward so as to get a better view
- handle the cd carefully so as not to damage it


### `for + noun`
```
for + noun
```
- I'm learning English for pleasure, not for work
- he plays in a band not for money but for fun
- he listen to classical music for relaxation


### `avoid + ing` or `avoid + noun + ing`
- I keep my guitar in a case to avoid scratching it
- I keep my guitar in a case to avoid it getting scratched
- We kept the music low to avoid annoying the neighbours

### `so that/in order that + clause`

**talking about the present or the future - `can or will`**
- I have learnt the song by heart so that I **will** not need to bring any sheet music with me
- I have kept the receipt so that she **can** return the CD if she wants to

**using present tense to talk about the future**
- I'm going to take some sun cream so that we don't get sunburn


**using `would, could, should` in sentences about the past**
the concert tickets were free in order that everyone could have an opportunity to go
