# 20210306 - week 2
## Vocabulary
```
I don't know much

Me neither
I don't either
```

look up to sb - to admire and respect someone
- I look to bob Marley -> hi inspires me.

hardship - severe suffering or privation.
- The price of cooking gas increased five-fold, worsening the economic hardship.

bearing - relation; relevance
- "the case has no direct bearing on the issues"

shanty towns ~ favela 

instill - to put a feeling, idea, or principle gradually into someone's mind
- His difficult environment instilled in him a keen sense of social justice.

keen - very interested, eager, or wanting (to do) something very much
- They were very keen to start work as soon as possible.

keen - extreme or very strong
- Many people are taking a keen interest (= a very great interest) in the result of the vote.

keen sense of ~ highly developed

insight into something - (the ability to have) a clear, deep, and sometimes sudden understanding of a complicated problem or situation

to champion - to support, defend, or fight for a person, belief, right, or principle enthusiastically
- He has championed constitutional reform for many years.

first and foremost - more than anything else
- Marley's calling was first and foremost about union

calling - a strong wish to do a job, usually one that is socially valuable | vocation for doing something to benefit/help others
- I'm glad she's going into medicine. It's a very worthy calling.
- Marley's calling was first and foremost fight against misery 

faint-hearted - lacking in courage

richness - the quality of having a lot of something that is valuable or interesting
- my richnesses is people.
- We were impressed by the great richness of detail in her painting.

evoke -  

I'm not so keen on two or one type of music

anyhow ~  anyway
- Anyhow, I didn’t ask you to come here to talk about your business

there are very few genres of music 

When there is a lot of noise I can't concentrate


```
to hear vs to listen
accidentally vs intentionally

I had heard a noise in my backyard, so I started to listen what was going on in order to figure out what it was.
```


```
music vs songs
```

```
- [X - Wrong] I like ~~so much~~ to listen to raggae~
- [V - Right] I like to listen to raggae so much/a lot/ very much
```

put on some music
- whenever I'm studying I have **to put** on some music


disorders - an illness of the mind or body
- The family have a history of mental disorder.

blissful - extremely or completely happy
I'm blissful to learn so many new vocabularies! 

blossoming

I can't just get enough of it

strand of
- Trendy music style in Brazil? Any strand of funk, I guess.

left out
- for me, 'love' and 'babe' are words which are never left out of any pop songs.
