# 202103013 - week 3

## Vocaculary
```
What work do you do?
```

cringe - to feel very embarrassed by something you have said or done because you think it makes you seem silly
- I cringed at the sight of my dad dancing.
- She cringed at the sound of her own voice.
- It makes me cringe when I think how stupid I was.

powder - a loose, dry substance that consists of extremely small pieces, usually made by breaking something up and crushing it
- curry powder.

grind - to make something into small pieces or a powder by pressing between hard surfaces
- freshly ground pepper
- to grind coffee
- shall I grind a little black pepper over your salad?

spill the beans - to tell people secret information
- So who spilled the beans about her affair with Joe?
- Does Phillip know about your, plan? Yes, someone must have spilled the beans?
- The class managed to keep the party a secret until Lorraine, unable to control herself any longer, spilled the beans

dictatorship - a country that is ruled by one person who has complete power
- In 1971, the country's 10 year military dictorship came to an end
- The dictatorship of Franco lasted for nearly 40 years.

most time

sponsor -  to pay the costs of a sports event, concert, etc., or of a sportsperson, in return for advertising
- BMW has plenty of practice sponsoring golf tournaments in Europe.
- this video is sponsored by Augment Company.

commission - to formally choose someone to do a special piece of work, or to formally ask for a special piece of work from someone
- She's commissioned an artist to paint her portrait.

learn by-heart - to learn something in such a way that you can say it from memory
- I have learnt the song by heart so that I **will** not need to bring any sheet music with me.
- My father can still recite the poems he learned by heart at school.

attend -  give attention
- Phillips attended to a technical problem 

time **for** something

in no time - very quickly or very soon
- The kids ate their dinner in no time.
- We'll be home in next to no time.

for the time being - for a limited period
- Leave the ironing for the time being - I'll do it later.

about time - If it is about time/high time that someone did something, it should have been done sooner or a long time ago
- It's about time (that) the school improved its food service.
- It is high time for the critics to open their minds to a new approach.

# Grammar
## Expressing Purpose

### Infinitive of Purpose
```
to + infinitive
```

- I went to the post office to collect a parcel
- to get the best deal, we'll need to book in advance


```
in order to + infinitive
so as to + infinitive

in order not to + infinitive
so as not to + infinitive
```
- we need to increase sales in order to make a profit
- we moved forward so as to get a better view
- handle the cd carefully so as not to damage it
- When he left the prision he changed his name so as not to be recognized


### `for + noun`
```
for + noun
```
- I'm learning English for pleasure, not for work
- he plays in a band not for money but for fun
- he listen to classical music for relaxation


### `avoid + ing` or `avoid + noun + ing`
- I keep my guitar in a case to avoid scratching it
- I keep my guitar in a case to avoid it getting scratched
- We kept the music low to avoid annoying the neighbours

### `so that/in order that + clause`

**talking about the present or the future - `can or will`**
- I have learnt the song by heart so that I **will** not need to bring any sheet music with me
- I have kept the receipt so that she **can** return the CD if she wants to

**using present tense to talk about the future**
- I'm going to take some sun cream so that we don't get sunburn

**subject of the clause of purpose is different from the subject of the main clause**
`So that` or `In order that` must be used when the subject of the clause of purpose is different from the subject of the main clause
- The national health service has applied for more government funding, so that more public hospitals can be built throughout the

**more examples**
-  We arranged to get to the theatre earlier so that we would have time for a chat before the play We arranged to get to the theatre earlier so that we would have time for a chat before the play

**using `would, could, should` in sentences about the past**
- the concert tickets were free in order that everyone could have an opportunity to go

### `for + ing`
`for + ing` used to describe the general purpose of a thing
- a lawn mower is a machine for cutting grass
- What do you call that white liquid used for painting over mistakes?

### `in case` and `for fear (that)/of` 

**`in case`**

`in case` comes after a statement or command and is followed by the `subject + verb`

- I do not let my younger brother use my PC in case he breaks it

**`for fear that`**

`for fear that` is similar, but is followed by the `subject + auxiliary + verb`

- I don't let my younger brother use my PC `for fear that` he _would_ **break** it

**`for fear of`**

`for fear of` is used if the subject of the main clause is the same as that in the subordinate clause, the structure of `+ -ing` can be used

- We hid the news from grandma for fear of hurting her.

[Activities from Digital Cultura Inglesa](https://quizizz.com/join/quiz/5f3ee196778659001c23909c/start?studentShare=true)
[Video With Grammar Review](https://youtu.be/jt-ilLg-cBk)
