# 20210227 - week 1
## Vocabulary
```
difficulty (noun) vs. difficult (adjective)

difficulty - the fact of not being easy to do or understand
- We finished the job, but only with great difficulty
- The difficulty of the task exited me.

difficult - needing skill or effort
- a difficult problem
- it will be very difficult to prove that they are guilty
- many things make it difficult for women to reach the top in US business
```

humble ~ modest
- he is very humble about his sucess
- In my humble opinion we should never have bought the car in first place.

humble ~ {humilde}
- Despite her fame, the singer remained a humble person

sit an exam ~ do an exam
- After I've sat my exams, I'm going on holiday.

engaged - busy doing something | involved in something
- They have been engaged in a legal battle with the council for several months
- She is part of a team of scientist who are engaged on cancer research

otherwise - used after an order or suggestion to show what the result will be if you do not follow that order or suggestion
- I'd better write it down, otherwise I'll forget it.
- Call home, otherwise your parents will start to worry.

nerve-racking - something that is nerve-racking is difficult to do and causes a lot of worry for the person involved in it
- My wedding was the most nerve-racking thing I've ever experienced.

soothing - making you feel calm 
- I put on some nice soothing music.

soulful - expressing deep feelings, often sadness
- The dog looked at me with its big, soulful, brown eyes

homogenise - to change something so that all its parts or features become the same or very similar 
- TV has homogenised the culture and language of large parts of the planet."

instil - to put a feeling, idea, or principle gradually into someone's mind, so that it has a strong influence on the way that person thinks or behaves
- t is part of a teacher's job to instil confidence into his or her students.

eclectic - methods, beliefs, ideas, etc. that are eclectic combine whatever seem the best or most useful things from many different areas or systems, rather than following a single system
- An eclectic style/approach

spring to mind - to come quickly into your mind
- What words spring to your mind when you think of 'music'? 

hectic - full of activity, or very busy and fast
- My routine is pretty hectic
- The area has become a haven for people tired of the hectic pace of city life

"every now and then"  
-  I don’t use English much at work. Yeah, every now and then I might have to write an email or something like that

"get by" in/on/with sth - to be able to live or deal with a situation with difficulty, usually by having just enough of something you need, such as money
- How can he get by **on** so little money?
- We can get by **with** four computers at the moment, but we'll need a couple more when the new staff arrives
- I think my English is pretty good, I mean, I can get by with it on trips or in school

tech-savvy - well informed about or proficient in the use of modern technology, especially computers.
- today's tech-savvy consumers

tribulation ~ problem
- Overcoming the Tribulation

strain (verb) - to create pressure or use effort
- If you’re someone who has to strain so as to hear what people are saying in a noisy room, the chances are that you aren’t musically trained

so as to ~ in order to
- I always keep fruit in the fridge so as to keep flies off it

