# Upper 2 - 17/08/2019

## Vocabulary and Expressions 
* I have a **booking under** the name of Augusto.
* Fullblast [somethong is producing/making as much power as it is able] - You seen to have the aring condition on full blast.
* Hazard [something that is dangerous and likely to cause damage] - The high level of the river amazonas is a hazard for the local community
* Mildew{mofo} - there were patches of mildew on walls
* put off [rearrange something already scheduled for a later date] - the meeting was **put off** ***for*** a week
* screwed up [someone who is screwed up has a lot of emotional problems because of bad or unhappy experiences in the past]
* vanished [not now present or existing] - the city ruins are a distant reminder of a vanished impere
* outward [relating to how people, situations, or things seem to be, rather than how they are inside] - if she is suffering, he certainly shows  no outward sign of it.
* gist [the most important pieces of information about something, or general information without details] - I thing i got the gist of what he said. 

## Grammar

### Comparison with as...as
Use as + adverb/adjevtive + as to male comparasions then the thing that are being compared are equal in some way.

**Ex.:**
The world's biggest bull is **as big as** a small elephant
You have to unwrap it **as carefully as** you can. 

### Comparison with Not as ... as
We use **not as .... as** to make comparisons between things which aren't equal

**Ex.:**
It's not as heavy as I thought it would be.
They didn't play as well as they usually do.
She is not singing as loudly as she can

#### Not quite as .. as // Not nearly as .. as
The second meeting was **not quite as nice as** the first one
I'm **not quite as** good **as** you when it comes about jokes
These new shoes are **not nearly as** comfortable **as** my old ones
I'm **not nearly as** good **as** you when it comes about programming

### As ... as + possibility
Often used expressions of possibility or ability **after** as...as:

Can you come **as soon as** *possible*?
Go to as many places as you can!

### As much as , as many as
When we want to make comparisons referring to quantity, we use _as much as_ with uncountable nouns and _as many as_ with plural nouns:

Greg makes **as much money as** mick but **not as much as** neil.

