# Upper 2 - 10/08/2019

## Vocabulary and Expressions 

* Assignments [] -  I had to do my MBA assigments last night.
* Lottery {sorteado} - 
* Bitter x Sour
	* Bitter {amargo} - 
	* Sour {Azedo} -
* Boiling [When something are really hot] - 
* **Came up**
	* To happen (usually unexpectedly) - I gotta go, **something has just come up** at my appartament and I'm needed there. 
	* To appear - A really strange popup **came up** in my screen last nighty.
	* to be mentioned in conversation - What points **came up** at the meeting?
* Happyness [] - 
* Less + Welcome - They are **less welcoming** .
* Hotel x Hostel
	* Hostel [a large house where people can stay free or cheaply] {albergue} -  On my last travel, I stayed in an Hostel. It was such a nightmare, a don't recommend staying in one while travelling.
* **Snore [to breathe in a very strong way while sleeping]** - Mary can't put up with her husband snoring.
* **I'm needed there.**
* **Unbearable** [~ put up with][too painful or unpleasant for you to continue to experience] - The heat was unbearable.
*  posh [places or things expensive and of high quality] - He took her to some really posh hotel.
* **whatsoever** [used after a negative phrase to add emphasis to the idea that is being expressed] - There is no problem whatsoever to go to the party, son.
* Soaked

### Adjectives to describing places
* muddy [covered by mud] - The whole room was muddy.
* filthy [more than dirty] - The kitcken was really filthy.
* dump [] - This town is a complete dump!
* deserted - The city as deserted when we visited it.
* overlooked [to provide a view of, especially from above] - Our hotel room overlooked the ocean. 
* packed [crowded][completely full] - The pool was so packed that we couldn't even get in 
* gorgeous
* stunning 
* uplifting

## Grammar

### Suffix (-ly) -  Creating Adverbs from Adjectives 
Used with many adjectives to make adverbs. Moreover, the suffix -ly usually turns an adjective into an **adverb of  manner**.

**Example**
 - quietly = in a quiet manner.   
 - carefully = in a careful manner.
 
 **Adjective vs Adverb**
 - She has a **gentle** touch. - _Gentle_ is an **adjective** modifying the noun
   _touch_.
 - She touched him **gently**. - _Gently_ is an **adverb** modifying the verb
   _touch_.

