# week 5 - 04-05 and 06-05

### Vocabulary

Letter Carrier postman (male)

firefighter fireman (male)

spokesperson spokesman (male)

police officer policeman (male)

spaceman x spacewoman

chairwoman - a woman in charge of a meeting or organization | presidente (f)

repairman

ace

faint of heart - Faint of heart describes a person who is lacking courage, squeamish, unable to rise to the occasion. An alternative phrase for faint of heart is faint at heart.

> Watching Powell use the spoon and some of his sharper equipment is not for the faint of heart

fainthearted - Someone who is fainthearted is not confident or brave and dislikes taking unnecessary risks

> She made a rather faint-hearted attempt to stop him from leaving.

stunningly (adverb)

> a stunningly beautiful woman

a close call - a narrow escape from danger or disaster.

> the team had a close call in the preliminary group games

get a kick out of something - enjoy, like something

> I always get a kick out of his jokes. I get a real kick out of shopping for new shoes. Most people get a kick out of taking a trip. Tom would get a kick out of seeing this.

give it a whirl - If you decide to give an activity a whirl, you do it even though it is something that you have never tried before.

> I've never danced salsa before but I'll give it a whirl.

occupational hazard - a danger that is connected with doing a particular job:

> Hearing loss from excessive noise is an occupational hazard for nightclub workers.

\[E] the ins and outs - the detailed or complicated facts of something

> I know how to use computers, but I don't really understand the ins and outs of how they work.

\[G] unfathomable - impossible to understand

> For some unfathomable reason they built the bathroom next to the kitchen.

\[G] dodgy - likely to fail or cause problems

> The weather might be a bit dodgy at this time of year. I can’t come in to work today – I’ve got a bit of a dodgy stomach. It was a dodgy situation. Careful – that chair’s a bit dodgy. Ever since the accident I’ve had this dodgy leg.

\[N] clunky - heavy and solid in an ugly way:

> The clunky handsets looked old-fashioned as soon as they were launched. He wore a clunky gold ring.

\[N]\[R]\[E] troubleshoot - to discover why something does not work effectively and help to improve it

> They brought me in to troubleshoot - to go in, sort out the problem, and get out again. A top German engineer has been appointed to troubleshoot the cause of the accident.

\[G]\[R]\[E] self-starter - a person who is able to work effectively without regularly needing to be told what to do | someone who can work well alone

> Applicants must be self-starters. The successful applicant for the position will be a well-motivated self-starter who has excellent communication skills.

asset - a useful or valuable quality, skill, or person:

> He'll be a great asset to the team. Her eyes are her best asset (= most attractive feature). Knowledge of languages is a real asset in this sort of work.

\[E]\[G]\[FN] at short notice - only a short time before something happens

> I can't cancel my plans at such short notice.

thrive - to grow, develop, or be successful:

> His business thrived in the years before the war. She seems to thrive on stress. Some employees thrive on the challenge of intense workloads.

\[FN]\[R]\[G] strive - to try very hard to do something or to make something happen, especially for a long time or against difficulties:

> \[ + to infinitive ] Mr Roe has kindled expectations that he must now strive to live up to. In her writing she strove for a balance between innovation and familiar prose forms.

\[FN]\[R]\[G] hail - to call someone in order to attract their attention

> Shall we hail a taxi? I tried to hail her from across the room.

## Grammar

### Participle Clauses

Used to describe actions that happen simultaneously or consecutively.

\-> [TODO](https://learnenglish.britishcouncil.org/grammar/intermediate-to-upper-intermediate/participle-clauses) ->[TODO](https://www.englisch-hilfen.de/en/grammar/participles\_form.htm)

* **Participles** are words formed from verbs.
* **Present participles** always end in _-ing_ and function as adjectives. They help form progressive verb tenses.
* **Past participles** end in _-ed_, or other past tense irregular verb endings, and function as adjectives. They also combine with the **verb to be** to create **passive** verb forms.
* Participial phrases modify the subjects of sentences.

#### Perfect participle (-ed)

Perfect participle clauses show that the action they describe was finished before the action in the main clause. Also, it gives the ideia of consecutivity

**Consecutively - perfect participle -ed**

*   **Not having** ever **been** near a forest fire, i can't imagine the heat

    > Because I was not near a forest fire, I can't imagine the heat
*   **Having fought** forest fires for 15 years, she is now an expert

    > after she fight forest fires for 15 years, she is now an expert
* **Having got dressed**, he slowly went downstairs.
* **Having finished their training**, they will be fully qualified doctors.
* **Having been made redundant**, she started looking for a new job.\_
* **In spite of having read the instructions twice**, I still couldn’t understand how to use it.

#### Present participle (-ing)

**Simultaneously - To talk about an action that happened at the same time as another action**

*   **Weighing** on average around 70-80 kg, women firefighters are well suited to this kind of work

    > Because they weight around 70-80, women firefighters are well suited to this kind of work
*   **Landing** near the fire, they quickly assessed the situation

    > Because they land near the fire, they quickly assessed the situation
*   **Not thinking** of his own safety, he rushed into the house

    > because he did not think of his own safety, he rushed into the house

> **Other Conjunctions:** as result, when, after, if, in order to

**To give the reason for an action**

* **Knowing** she loved reading, Richard bought her a book.
* **Understanting** the reasons behind his actions. The boss fired him;

**To give the result of an action**

* The bomb exploded, **destroying** the building.
* He confessed the crime, shocking everyone in the room

**To add information about the subject of the main clause**

* Starting in the new year, the new policy bans cars in the city centre.
* Knowing each other for a long time. They celebrate their friendship

#### Past participle (-ing)

Past participles normally have a passive meaning.

**With a similar meaning to an **_**if**_** condition**

* _**Used in this way**, participles can make your writing more concise._ (_If you use participles in this way, …_ )

**To give the reason for an action**

* _**Worried by the news**, she called the hospital._

**To add information about the subject of the main clause**

* Filled with pride, he walked towards the stage.

### Present Perfect

* finished actions - thinking about past and present together

> I've written to john, so he knows what is happening now

* news

> A plane has crashed at Gatwick airport

* up to know - how much/how many, how often; ever/never

> I've drunk six cups of coffee today John hasn't phoned. Haver you ever been here? I have never been here before

* finished actions continuing up to now

> I have been 8 years in this country
