


## Vocabulary

[E]even the odds - 
> lets even the odds - if a team is behind the other in a competition, the phrase would mean let's catch up 

> To even the odds is to confer an advantage upon one party over another
> > **Common exemples:**  Common examples of evening the odds: 1. Giving the little kids a head start at the beginning of a race against big kids (e.g., a foot race or treasure hunt). 2. Giving someone with a learning disability more time to complete a written test or allowing them to take the test verbally. 

[E] it is like history's finally caught up to us

admittedly - 

[N][E] "There is still much for me to learn"

dearly

make up ones mind

[E] get your foot in the door - get access in something | To have a chance to do something that could lead to further opportunities.
> An internship might not sound very interesting, but it's a great way to get your foot in the door at this company.

stand a chance - To have a possibility, however remote, of succeeding; to possibly be able to do something.
> If we could just get an interception, we might stand a chance of winning this game.
> If that road is closed, we don't stand a chance of making it on time.

[E]foot the bill - to pay for something, especially something expensive that you do not want to pay for
> He ordered drinks and then left me to foot the bill!
> it is an expensive repair and I don't see why I have to foot the bill for something that is clearly the garage's fault [here garage's is the place where cars and trucks are fixed/repaired]

bear the costs - pay for something.
> The company considered hiring additional staff, but it couldn't bear the cost.

afford 

shoot yourself in the foot - to say or do something stupid that will cause you a lot of trouble
> If he keeps talking, pretty soon he’ll shoot himself in the foot.

[E]put your foot in it/put your foot in your mouth - to say something without thinking carefully, so that you embarrass or upset someone
> I’ve really put my foot in it this time. I didn’t realize that was her husband!
> Simon wanted to finish the conversation before he put his foot in it any further.
> you put your feoot in it when you asked him about his job - he was made redundant two days ago!

made redundant - be fired
> As the economy weakens, more and more jobs will be made redundant.
> He was worried about being made redundant at work.

[E] put your foot down - to use your authority to stop something happening:
> When she started borrowing my clothes without asking, I had to put my foot down
> You have to got to put yout foot down. If your children think you don't mean what you say they wull carry on misbehaving

barefoot - not wearing any shoes or socks:
> We took off our shoes and socks and walked barefoot along the beach.

footing - to be in an equal, safe, etc. situation:
> Men and women should be able to compete for jobs on an equal footing.

foothold -  a position from which you can start to make progress and achieve your aims gain/establish a foothold
> Extreme right-wing parties gained a foothold in the latest European elections.
> Western novels about women had a more difficult time finding a foothold.
> This month, try to get a foothold on freedom.



