# week 17 - 27-07 and 29-07

## Vocabulary 

lift - to move something from a lower position to a higher position
> Could you help me lift this table, please?
> Could you lift your chair a little- I've got my coat caught under it.

bother - to make someone feel worried or upset | to annoy or cause problems for someone
> Does it bother you that he's out so much of the time?
> Living on my own has never bothered me.
> I don't care if he doesn't come - it doesn't bother me.
> Don't bother your father when he's working.
> I'm sorry to bother you, but could you help me lift this suitcase?

bother - to make the effort to do something
>  Don't bother making the bed - I'll do it later.

[E] you shouldn't have - Used to express gratitude at unnecessary generosity, especially when receiving a gift
> What a lovely vase! You shouldn't have!

swivel (verb and adjective) - to (cause to) turn around a central point in order to face in another direction
> She swivelled round to look out of the window.
> The ostrich swivelled its head in our direction.
> a swivel chair
> a swivel lamp

hang - to fasten or support something at the top leaving the other parts free to move, or to be held in this way
> Party decorations hung (down) from the ceiling (~~ teto)
> Hang your coat and hat (up) on the rack over there.
> A heavy gold necklace hung around her neck.

scrap - to get rid of something that is no longer useful or wanted, often using its parts in new ways | to not continue with a system or plan
> Hundreds of nuclear weapons have been scrapped.
> We scrapped our plans for a trip to France. 

### later  vs latter
later - The word “later” with one T refers to a time in the future.
> Right now I’m giving you a lesson, and I’ll go to the gym later.

latter - sed when you mention two things, and then you want to refer back specifically to the second thing.
> I have fans on both Facebook and YouTube, and I have more fans on the latter.

## Grammar
### Past modals

#### Obligation 
**Had to + Inf**
> I had to work overtime to finish before the deadline.

**Didn't have to**
> In the 1940's, car manufacturers didn't have to include airbags in cars.

#### Necessity
**needed to + inf**
> I needed to bring him home.

**needn't have + PP** - 
Used when an "unnecessary" was done
> I needn't have bought this microwave oven. I never use it.

**didn't need to + inf / didn't have to + inf**
Used when an "unnecessary" was done or not
> They didn't need to make these instructions so complicated

#### Speculation
1. 99% sure 
**must have + PP**
> They must have got held up in the traffic

**cant' have + pp/ couldn't have + pp**
> it can't have been easy to convince people of the ideia

2. sure < 90%
**may (might, could) have + pp **
> they may have stopped on they way here.(hence the delay)

**may have not/ might have not  + pp**
> They might have not done it on purpuse

#### Advisability
**should have/ought to have + pp**
> They should have given us more time. (if they wanted better results)

**should have not/ ought to have not + pp**
> they ought to have not tested it in that conditions
