


# week 12 - 22-06 and 24-06

## Vocabulary
### Collocations
- deadly serious
- desperately unlucky
- hopelessly wrong
- mildly amused
- painfully slow
- patently obvious
- perfectly reasonable
- simply unacceptable
- vaguely familiar
- wildly optimistic

glass ceilling - a point after which you cannot go any further, usually in improving your position at work | something that prevents someone from getting a more important position in their organization
> Various reasons are given for the apparent glass ceiling women hit in many professions.

guile - clever but sometimes dishonest behaviour that you use to deceive someone
> The president will need to use all her political guile to stay in power.

pitch - an area painted with lines for playing particular sports, especially football
> a football/hockey/cricket pitch

masterstroke - an action that is very clever and produces success
> His decision to change the team's formation for the final game was a masterstroke.
> The sale of his part of the company was a masterstroke on his part

bridge -  to reduce or get rid of the difference between two things
> The differences between our two cultures can be bridged if we continue to communicate.
> Alvin managed to bridge the gap between his undergraduate degree (sociology) and his current job position (manager) by taking several courses

entail - to make something necessary, or to involve something
> Such a large investment inevitably entails some risk.

brief - to give someone detailed instructions or information
> We had already been briefed about/on what the job would entail.

pin sb down - to make someone provide details about something or make a decision about something
> I've tried asking Stephanie, but she's proving difficult to pin down to a particular date.
> Pinning down her individual style is difficult.....

banging - very good or enjoyable
> it is such a baging party

sough-after - wanted by many people and usually of high quality or rare
> At the age of 17 she is already one of Hollywood's most sought-after actresses.
> Hadid is now one of the most sought-after architects of our age 


## Grammar
Most adverbs are formed by adding -ly to the end of the related adjective.

Exceptionally, words which end in  **-ble  drop off the  -e  before  -ly  is added**. So do the words  true  and  due.

sensible  --> sensibly

suitable --> suitably

true --> truly

due --> duly

### Adverbs with the same form as adjectives

Some adverbs have the same form as adjectives. The most common are:  _fast_  (not  fastly),  _left, hard, outside, right, straight, late, well_, and time words such as  _daily, weekly, monthly, yearly_.

> _This coconut is really  hard. You’ll need a hammer to break it up._
x
> _You have to bang the door  hard  to shut it._


> _She drives a  fast  car._
x
> _They can swim quite  fast  now actually._


> _An  outside  light would be a really good idea for our house._
x
> _When I went  outside, the light came on automatically._


> _I get a  monthly  pay cheque._
x
> _My company pays me  monthly._

### Gradable adverbs
Most adverbs, like most adjectives, are gradable (they can express different degrees of qualities, properties, states, conditions and relations). **We can modify adverbs using other types of adverbs and comparative forms to make longer adverb phrases.**

A _gradable_ adjective or adverb is one that can be used in the comparative or superlative, or that can be qualified by words such as 'very' or 'quite'.

Compare
He plays the piano amazingly. x He plays the piano really amazingly. (_really_  is a degree adverb)
