
# week 18 - 03-08 and 05-08

## Vocabulary

[E] come about - to happen, especially by chance
> The increase in production has come about **through** the use of technology.
> I don’t know how it came about **that** we stopped loving each other.

[E] come up with -  to think of an idea, answer etc
> Is that the best excuse you can come up with?
> We’ve been asked to come up with some new ideas.

[E] come across sth/sb - to meet, find, or discover someone or something by chance
> I came across an old diary in her desk.
> I’ve never come across anyone quite like her before.

[E] come off - to happen as planned, or to succeed
> There was some sort of property deal that didn't come off.
> I tried telling a few jokes but they didn't come off (= no one laughed).

[E] come down to - If a situation or decision comes down to something, that is the thing that influences it most
> Eventually our choice of hotel will come down to how much we can afford.
> It all comes down to money in the end.

[E] come down to - If a situation or problem comes down to something, it can be described or explained most simply in that way
> What the problem comes down to is whether the consumer will be willing to pay more for a higher quality product.

[E] come up against something/somebody - to have to deal with problems or difficulties
> We may find we come up against quite a lot of opposition from local people.
> If you come up against difficulties, let me know and I'll help out.

[E] come around - If an event that happens regularly comes round, it happens at its usual time
> Christmas comes round so quickly!
> By the time the summer came around, Kelly was feeling much better.

[R][N] shatter - to (cause something to) break suddenly into very small pieces | to end or severely damage something
> The glass shattered **into** a thousand tiny pieces
> The screen of my smarthphone shattered after it fell


### Throw / Throw Up / Throw sb Off
Throw -  to make an object such as a ball move quickly through the air by pushing your hand forward quickly and letting the object go
> Someone threw a stone at the car.
> I spent all night throwing up.
> He threw up his breakfast all over the back seat of the car.

throw up - to bring food or drink up from your stomach out through your mouth because you are ill 
> Georgia was bent over the basin, throwing up.

### boring vs bored
- I was feeling bored because the lesson was boring
> the lesson was the **reason** I felt bored

-ed adjective == feeling
> -eds ending describe the feelings

-ing adjective == reason
> -ings ending describe the reasons you have that feeling

It alson works for other adjectives too, such as: 
- If the lesson is interesting, i feel interested
- if something is tiring, I am tired
- if something is relexing, i am relexed
- if something is suprising, i am suprised

## Grammar

### Making Adjevtives from Past Participle
Verbs in it's Past participles forms are offen used as adjectives. 
Ex: well-**known** consultant, tiny **folded** motors, **proven** method

### Probability
#### **Modal verbs**
- `Subject + Modal verb + Infinitive + ...`
- **(may, might, could, should)**
	> Origami may be the answer
	> The telescope should help us to explore the universe

- use `may well, might well, could well` to say that something is quite probable
	> if sales continue to fall, the company **may well** be forced to close

- **Might not** and **May not** express future possibility but not use **could not** in the same way:
	> The rumours **could be** true, but they **might not** be 

- **Should** - Used to describe a situation that you **expect to happen**
	> The roads are clear so we **should be** there within a hour
	> They have fixed the printer so we **should not** have any more problems with it.

#### Adverbs
- `Perhabs/Maybe + subject + will + infinitive` - beginning of a sentence
- `Subject + will + adverb + infinitive` - before main verb
- `Subject + adverb + will not + infinitive` before auxilliary verb in negative sentences
- (perhaps, maybe, probably, almost, certainly)
	> Perhabs one day will invent foldable robots
	> Someone will certainly find us here 
	> He certainly will not pass the exam

#### Adjectives
- `It + "to be" + (UN)Likely + (that) + clause`
- `Subject + "to be" + (UN)Likely + to + infinitive`
> It is likely that this tech will be used in pc's
> It is unlikely that there will be survives of this plane crash
> it's unlikely that the new GTX GPU will be launched this year
> The arrivel of the new lenovo notebooks in Brazil is likely to happen only in the next year.
> This tech is unlikely to exist in the near future

#### Noun phrases 
- `The likelihood is`, `The changes are`, `There is a good chance` and `There is no doubt` + that + clause.
	> The likelihood is that this software will become very popular.


