## Vocabulary

something+ ware  - do something in particular way
> warfare

seafaring - connected with travelling by sea:
> a seafaring man (= a sailor)

apprise - to tell someone about something:
> The president has been apprised of the situation.

appraisal - an examination of the value, condition, qualities, etc. of something
> The newspaper gave an editorial appraisal of the government's achievements of the past year.
> accurate/realistic/honest appraisal She said there was a desire for "an honest appraisal to identify the true facts of this matter".

get by - to be able to live or deal with a situation with difficulty, usually by having just enough of something you need, such as money
> the moken get bye on what they take from the sea each day
> How can he get by on so little money?
> We can get by with four computers at the moment, but we'll need a couple more when the new staff arrive.

get ahead - to be successful in the work that you do
> get ahead in life is a western concept
> It's tough for a woman to get ahead in politic
> You’ve got to take risks if you want to get ahead.

get through - to succeed in talking to someone on the phone
> I tried to call her but couldn't get through.
> I got through to the wrong department.

get down to - to start to direct your efforts and attention towards something
> It seems some people would like the moken to get down to leading a more conventional life
> I've got a lot of work to do, but I can't seem to get down to it.
> [ + -ing verb ] UK I must get down to booking the hotels.

apply yourself - If you apply yourself to something, you work hard at it, directing your abilities and efforts in a determined way so that you succeed
> You can solve any problem if you apply yourself.

get at - o criticize a person repeatedly
> He keeps getting at me and I really don't know what I've done wrong.

offbeat - unusual and strange and therefore surprising or noticeable
> an offbeat sense of humour
> offbeat lifestyle

cling - to stick onto or hold something or someone tightly, or to refuse to stop holding it, him, or her
> They clung together in terror as the screams grew louder.
> A young man is clinging to a sheer wall of granite

sheer - used to emphasize how very great, important, or powerful a quality or feeling is; nothing except 
> The suggestion is sheer nonsense.
> His success was due to sheer willpower/determination.
> It was sheer coincidence that we met.

sheer - extremely steep; almost vertical:
> a sheer mountain side
> a sheer drop of 100 metres

summit - the highest point of a mountain | the highest, most successful, or most important point in something
> I certainly haven't reached the summit of my career.
> One day I will climb to the Everest summit

flawlessly - in a way that is perfect or without mistakes
> she played the piece flawlessly
> This is an action film that is very well crafted and flawlessly executed.

slab - a thick, flat piece of a solid substance, such as stone, wood, metal, food, etc., that is usually square or rectangular
> a concrete/marble slab
> He ate a whole slab of chocolate

staring - looking at something for a long time with the eyes wide open, especially when surprised, frightened, or thinking
> She was small with wide staring eyes. 
> What are you staring at?
> She stared at me in disbelief.
> She sat there staring into space

[E]he is able to carry a camera where few dare to go 

## Grammar


### Continuous Aspect

**START - WARNING**
**Stative Verbs** - The stative verbs are not used in the continuous aspect.
They can be divided in:
1. Like and Dislikes
- Like - Dislike
- Love - Hate
- Enjoy - Prefer
- Want - Wish
2. Verbs of the mind
- Believe or think - doubt
- forget - remember
- guess - know 
- imagine - realize
- recognize - suppose
- think - understand
3. verbs of the senses
- feel - hear
- see - smeel
- touch
4. other
- belong - depend on - weigh
- have or possess - fit
- mean - measure - want
- need - own - seem
**END - WARNING**

1. Verbs in the **continuous aspect** describe **incomplete, or in progress, or temporary and of limited duration actions** that are at a specific time.

**Present Continuous**
> The number of sea gypsies is declining
> I'm having a meeting at the moment
> I'm going out a lot at the moment (something that it was not common in me)
> > **Compare with:** I go out a lot (It is a habit)

**Past Continuous**
> Ten years ago, 2.500 molen were leading this way of life
> Last year I was living in Madri
> They were studying in silence when one of their cell phones rang

**Present Perfect Continuous**
> Outsiders haven been exploiting the moken for years

**Past Perfect Continuous**
> I had been researching their way of life for many years before this

**Future Continuous**
> I hope they will still be living here in ten years' time
> This time tomorrow we will be relaxing by the pool 

2. Use continuous aspect to describe **repeated actions**

**Past Continuous**
>She was knocking on the door

**Past Perfect Continuous**
> He has not been eating much recently
	
- **Compare with:** He has not eaten much (Past Perfect)

3. Use continuous aspect to make **questions**, **requests and statments less direct**

**Past Continuous**
> I was wondering if you could help me

**Future Continuous**
> Will you be going anywhere near a post office?

4. Use **Present Continuous** to talk about trends and changing situations
> The business is expanding
> Pollution is getting worse

5. Use **Future Continuous** to talk about what we expect people to be doing now.
> I won't ring her now. She will be having her dinner

6. Use continuous aspect to **emphasize** that an action lasts for some time
> I have been waiting for my price charming for a very long time




## Reference
[DLazcano1 - the-continuous-and-perfect-aspects](https://www.slideshare.net/DLazcano1/the-continuous-and-perfect-aspects)


