
# week 16 - 20-07 and 22-07

## Vocabulary 

screw around

pace - the speed at which someone or something moves, or with which something happens or changes
> Earth's life cycle happens at a slow pace
> For many years this company has set the **pace** (= has been the most successful company) in the communications industry.
> I don't like the pace of modern life.

**pace  yourself** - to be careful not to do something too quickly, so that you do not get too tired to finish it
> No more soup, thank you. I'm pacing myself so that I have room for a dessert.

[FN][G][R] quicken - to become quicker, or to make something become quicker
> This is music that will make your pulse quicken.
> When she thought she heard someone following her, she **quickened** her pace
> We'll have to quicken the pace if we want to keep up with him.
> His interest quickened when he saw her.

cramped - not having enough space or time
> We have six desks in this room, so we're a little cramped (for space).

squalid -  extremely dirty and unpleasant, often because of lack of money
> Many prisons, even today, are overcrowded and squalid places.

mild-mannered - A mild-mannered person is gentle and does not show extreme emotions
> a mild-mannered philosophy professor

tide - the rise and fall of the sea that happens twice every day
> high/low tide
> The tide is out/in.

[N] tide - a noticeable change in a situation or increase in a particular type of behaviour
> We must look for ways of stemming (= stopping) the rising tide of protest.
> How the tide of urbanisation could be stopped
