# week 19 - 17-08 and 19-08

## Vocabulary
scrap - a small piece of something or a small amount of information:
> Do you have a scrap of paper I could write on?
> I've read every scrap of information I can find on the subject.
> There's not a scrap of (= no) evidence to suggest that he committed the crime.

shred - a very small amount of something
> There's still a shred of hope that a peace agreement can be reached.
> There isn't a shred of evidence to support her accusation.

[E][FN][G] sliver (~ fragment) -  a very small, thin piece of something, usually broken off something larger
> a sliver of glass
> Just a sliver of cake for me, please - I shouldn't really be having any.
> I've got a sliver of glass in my finger and it realy hurts

[E][FN][G] stroke - something that happens or succeeds suddenly because of luck, intelligence, etc.
> By a stroke of luck, someone else was walking along the trail and heard my shouts for help.
> I think his idea to make a foldable sofa was a stroke of genius

[E][FN][G] glimmer - a slight sign of something good or positive
> This month's sales figures offer a glimmer of hope for the depressed economy.
> She's never shown a glimmer of interest in classical music.
> There is now a glimmer of hope that I will be  able to keep my job

hint - something that you say or do that shows what you think or want, usually in a way that is not direct
> He's dropped (= given) several hints to the boss that he'll quit if he doesn't get a promotion.
> Did she give you any hints about where she was going?
> You can't take (= understand) a hint, can you? Just go away and leave me alone!
> Did i detect a hint of regret in your voice?

[E] safe and sound - completely safe and without injury or damage
> After three days lost in the mountains, all the climbers arrived home safe and sound.

although - used to add a statement that balances or reduces the effect of what you have just said
> You can copy down my answers, although I’m not sure they’re right.
>  No, this is my responsibility, although I appreciate your offer.

although - despite the fact that
> She walked home by herself, although she knew that it was dangerous.
> He decided to go, although I begged him not to.

### Expressing Opinion
- after giving this matter some (serious) thought,
- As far as I am concerned
- Having given this question due consideration
- I tend towards the opinion that
- I have come the conclusion that
- in my limited experience
- this may well be controversal, but
- to my mind/ to my way of thinking
- without a shred/shadow of doubt 

### Work vs Job
- Work - It can be used as a place
	> I am at my work now, can you call me later? (OK)

- Job - Cannot be used as place
	> ~~I am at my job now, can you call me later? (NOT OK)~~

### Salary vs Wage
The essential difference between a salary and wages is that a salaried person is paid a fixed amount per pay period and a wage earner is paid by the hour. 
	
Site vs Location
- site: an area of ground on which a town, building, or monument is constructed
- location: A particular point or place in physical space.
