# Week 14 - 06-07 and 8-07

## Vocabulary

Dodge City - a place where there is a lot of fighting and not enough control by the police
> Do you thing São Paulo is a Dodge city?

onwards - beginning at a particular time and continuing after it
> I'm usually at home from five o'clock onwards.


### Gradable adverbs
Gradable adjectives are adjectives that can be modified to **indicate their degree** with a "grading adverb".

For instance, "Good" is a **gradeable adjective**, because you can use grading adverbs to modify how strong "good" is:  
  
- I am an extremely good student.  
- I am a very good student.

Most adverbs, like most adjectives, are gradable (they can express different degrees of qualities, properties, states, conditions and relations). **We can modify adverbs using other types of adverbs and comparative forms to make longer adverb phrases.**

A _gradable_ adjective or adverb is one that can be used in the comparative or superlative, or that can be qualified by words such as 'very' or 'quite', to show that a person or thing **has more or less of a particular quality**

- Don’t talk to Jenny, she’s very angry.
- Sorry, I can’t stop, I’m extremely busy.
- I’m worried about Tom, he’s dreadfully unhappy.

**Compare**
He plays the piano amazingly. x He plays the piano really amazingly. (_really_  is a degree adverb)

**Common gradable adjectives and modifiers**
**Modifiers:**	a little/a bit →	pretty/quite →	really/very →	extremely
**Gradable Adjectives:**	angry, big, boring, cheap, cold, expensive, frightening, funny, hot, interesting, old, pretty, small, tasty, tired, etc.

### Non-gradable - absolute adjectives
**Non-grading** adverbs: [absolutely, utterly, completely, entirely, totally, quite]

Some adjectives describe qualities that are completely present or completely absent. They do not occur in comparative and superlative forms, and cannot be used with adverbs such as very or extremely. Non-gradable adjectives do sometimes occur with **non-grading** adverbs such as *completely* which emphasize the extent of the quality, e.g.:

- The questions were completely impossible.
- The food was absolutely superb.

**Non-grading** adverbs such as *completely, totally and absolutely*, which emphasize absolute qualities, do not usually occur with gradable adjectives, since gradable adjectives describe qualities which can be measured in degrees.

**non-gradable**

- This book is absolutely excellent.	
- The exercise was completely impossible.

**gradable**
- This book is very interesting.
- The exercise was quite hard. 
