# Week 15 - 13-07 and 15-07

## Vocabulary 

over the top - too extreme and not suitable, or demanding too much attention or effort, especially in an uncontrolled way
> I thought the decorations were way (= very) over the top.
> The speech was a bit over the top

well-off - rich
> Her family was very well off.
> a well-off neighborhood

trade - a particular business or industry
> the building/catering/tourist trade
> the book/car/fur trade
> He worked in the same trade all his life.

livelihood ~ living -  the money people need to pay for food, a place to live, clothing, etc
> These animals are our livelihood. Without them we could not survivce
> I mean, I don't like my job but at least it's a living 

[E] second nature - If something is second nature to you, you are so familiar with it that you can do it easily without needing to think very much about it
> I used to hate computers, but using them is second nature to me now
> Safety is actually second nature to me because I used to have a job repairing electricity lines

cut corners - to do something in the easiest, cheapest, or fastest way | to do something in a way that saves time, effort, or money, but that also results in it not being done properly | (**cut corners of | to cut corners**)
	
> I don't like to cut corners when I am preparing barbecue
> Don’t try to cut corners when you’re decorating
> One airline was accused of cutting corners on safety
> There’s a temptation to cut corners when you’re pushed for time, but it’s not worth it

[E] to be on the safe side -  spoken to do something in order to be certain to avoid an unpleasant situation
> I’d take an umbrella, just to be on the safe side
> I always wear a bicycle helmet, even if am riding a short distance - just to be on the safe side
> I've had a few copies made to be on the safe side: solicitors, banks ... you know.

[E][N][FN] go by the book/do sth by the book - to do something exactly as the rules tell you
> My lawyer always goes strictly by the book.
> This is a private deal - we don't have to do everything by the book

 **get off on the right/wrong foot** - to make a successful/unsuccessful start in something
 > I got oof on the wrong foot with my boss when I told him I did not like using computers

[E][G][FN] get cold feet - to feel too frightened to do something that you had planned to do
> I was going to try bungee jumping, but I got cold feet.
> He offered to give the talk with me, but then at the last minute he got cold feet.

put your/my/her foot in it - o say something by accident that embarrasses or upsets someone
> I really put my foot in my mouth – I asked her if Jane was her mother, but she said Jane is her sister.
> I hope i did not put my foot in it when i told her how like her  sister she was

**Idioms with wall**
Off the wall - suprising and unusual | very strange or unusual, often in an amusing way
> an off the wall joke
> Barkley was known for his sometimes outrageous and often off-the-wall commentary.

fly on the wall - If you say that you would like to be a fly on the wall on an occasion, you mean that you would like to hear what will be said or see what will happen while not being noticed
> I'd love to be a fly on the wall when those two get home!

hole in the wall - informal for cash machine mainly UK3

drive sb up the wall - to make someone extremely angry
> My flat-mate is driving me up the wall.
> I hope the builders finish soon. The constant drilling is driving me up the wall

go to the wall - to be destroyed or fail
> After nime months of massive losses the company finally went to the wall.
> They finally found an investor so prevented the business from going to the wall

the writing is on the wall - said to mean that there are clear signs that something will fail or no longer exist
>  The writing is on the wall for old manufacturing industries.

### Remember vs Remind

**Remember** - have a memory of something

1. Remember + verb-ing == remember something from the past
> I remember saying 'hi, everyone'

2. Remember + to + infinitive == remember something is to be done in the future
> I must remember to do my shopping later
> I need to remember to bring my umbrella tomorrow

**Remind** - make someone remember something 

1. **Remind** + somebody + to + verb 
> you must remind me to do shopping later

2. XYZ + **reminds** + **someone of** + ABCD
> This phono from my hometown reminds me of my childhood
