

## Vocabulary
In someone else's shoes/Put yourself in someone else's shoes -  seeing or experiencing something from someone else's point of view. 
> You  might  feel  different  if  you  were  in  her  shoes.

gist - the most important pieces of information about something, or general information without details
> I think I got (= understood) the gist of what she was saying.

It sounds reasonable

time up -  indicates the time up to when something else happens

guiding
> What he said is a guiding principle in my life

Be not cut to be sth - be not born to
> He was not cut to be an sportsman

utter - complete/extreme
> This meeting was a complete and utter waste of time
> What an utter fool I was!

utter - to say something or make a sound with your voice
> She attended the meeting and didn't utter a word

sum up - to give the main information in a report, speech etc in a short statement at the end
> Gregory will open the lectures and I will sum up

sum sth up - to describe something using only a few words.
> The city's problem cab be summed up in three words: too many people.

strive - make a great effort to achieve something.
> I was still striving to be successful.
> We must continue to strive **for** greater efficiency.

make a point of sth - an opinion that deserves to be considered
> I always make a point of listening to what older people say.

heed - to pay attention to someone’s advice or warning.
> to pay attention to someone's advice or warning

make a point of **doing something** - to do something deliberately, even when it involves making a special effort.
> I always make a point of being early

hot under the collar - embarrassed or angry about something
> When I suggested he was mistaken he got rather hot under the collar.

fulfil -  to do or provide what is necessary or needed | if you fulfil a hope, wish, or aim, you achieve the thing that you hoped for, wished for etc.
> Visiting Disneyland has fulfilled a boyhood dream
> A good police officer is not fulfilling his role if he neglects this vital aspect
> Schools should fulfill the needs of poorer children, giving them a chance in society.

fulfilmen - the action of supplying the things that have been ordered.
> He ordered a stop to the unauthorized use of produce already allocated for fulfillment of state orders.

fulfilmen - the feeling of being happy and satisfied with your life because you are doing interesting, useful, or important things.
> a deep sense of fulfilment that makes life worthwhile.

warehouse {armazem} - a large building for storing large quantities of goods
> The unit will add 14 warehouses to its current distribution centers.

stand in - to temporarily do someone else's job or take their place
> Would you mind standing in for me for a while?
> The President was unavailable and had the Vice President stand in for him.

strain -  worry that is caused by having to deal with a problem or work too hard over a long period of time 
> Did you find the job a strain?
> the strains of police life has made him more pessimistic

Household - a group of people, often a family, who live together
> By 1960s, most househols had a tv

Chore - a job or piece of work that is often boring or unpleasant but needs to be done regularly | A chore is also something that is difficult and unpleasant
> It was a real chore trying to give our dog a bath
> I'll go shopping when I've done my chores (= done the jobs in or around the house)

Haunting - something that stay in the mind | beautiful, but in a sad way and often in a way that cannot be forgotten
> Yesterday I listened to a Elton John's haunting melody

Gifted - Having a special ability in an activity or subject
> He is a gifted sportsman
> Schools often fail to meet the needs of gifted children

Moving - causing strong feelings of sadness or sympathy
> a very moving story

## Grammar

### Time Phrases and Time Expressions

for - Present Perfect
> I haven't played tennis for years.

before that - Past Perfect
> Before that I had had no time to spend with my family

nowadays ~ Present Simple
> **Nowadays** I **don't** give so much importance about keeping up with political news. All of that pisses me off

in the long term ~ Future 
> All our hard work **will** be worth it in the long run.

for some time ~ Present Perfect Continuous
> I **have been** arguing **for some time** that is not acceptable. We must stop it now

last (something) - Past Simple
> In the **last** week, I **saw** her with a person I had never seen before

Currently - Present Continuous
> He is **currently** **working** on his first novel.

Generally - Present Simple
> The quality of the food here **is** **generally** good.

**Soon or later** - Future
> Sooner or later, they will find out what you are doing here and you will be in serious trouble;

recently - Present Perfect
> Have you seen any good films recently?
> Recently, I've been feeling a bit depressed.

### Express Time - Connectors
* `AS` == `WHILE`
> As I was looking at the shop window, I noticed  had  lost my hat

* **By the time (that)** - used for saying what has already happened at the time that something else happens
> By the time the fire brigade had arrived, the house was completely destroyed
> By the time we arrived, the other guests were already there.

* **No/Not later than** (== not after) - these expressions are used to tell when an event or action will, should, or must be completed.
> No/not later than 6pm on a weekday
> No/not later tomorrow afternoon
> All horses to be entered in the race must have a physical exam not later than 14 days before the race. 
> In the legislature, a resolution with more than sixty co-sponsors asked the President to withdraw as soon as possible, but not later than October 1st, 2006. 


* **Once** == **From the moment when**
> Once you  have learnt to drive, we'll let you use our car

* **As soon as** ==  **immediately after**
> I called her back as soon as I heard the message on the answer machine

* **No sooner ... than** == **As soon as** | used to show that one thing happens immediately after another thing
> He had no sooner turned on the loght than he heard the explosion
> No sooner had  I started mowing the lawn than it started raining

* **hardly  ... when** == **As soon as**
The music had **hardly** started **when** we received complaints about the noise.

### Adjectives Followed By Preposition [in, of, to with]
## Grammar

### In vs At - Tips
In --> Location
At --> Action
> I am studying in Germany now

> A: Where are you?
> B: I am studying at haverd



