
## Vocabulary

spoil - to treat someone very or **too** well, especially by being extremely generous {mimar}
> When I'm feeling miserable I go shopping and spoil myself - a couple of new dresses always make me feel better.

outspoken - expressing strong opinions very directly without worrying if other people are offended
> Mr Masack is an outspoken critic of the present government.

blunt (~outspoken) - saying what you think without trying to be polite or considering other people's feelings:
> I'll be blunt - that last piece of work you did was terrible.

blunt - A blunt pencil, knife, etc. is not sharp and therefore not able to write, cut, etc. well.
> He blunted the knife by using it to cut a large rope

bland - not having a strong taste or character or not showing any interest or energy
> Pop music these days is so bland
> I didn't like the meal from that restaurant. Everything we ate there was bland

drifter - a person who moves from one place to another or from one job to another without any real purpose
> he is a drifter

doer - someone who gets actively involved in something, rather than just thinking or talking about it:
> There are too many thinkers and not enough doers in this office. 

moody - If someone is moody, their moods change suddenly and they become angry or unhappy easily
> He can be sometimes a bit moody
spoiled - a spoiled person is someone who gets everything that he/she wants

picky - Someone who is picky is very careful about choosing only what they like
> The children are such picky eaters.
>Big companies can afford to be picky about who they hire.

[AK]fussy - not easily satisfied, or having very high standards about particular things
> All my childern were fussy eaters
> He is so fussy about the house - everything has to be absolutely perfect
> "Why am I still single?" "You are too fussy - that is your problem" 

[AK]having said that - despite what has just been said | used to say that something is true in spite of what you have just said
> He forgets most things, but having said that, he always remembers my birthday. 
> The diet can make you slim without exercise. Having said that, however, exercise is important too.

for sure - l definitely, without a doubt
> I saw him and knew for sure that he had come to see me.

have/keep your feet on the ground - to be very practical and see things as they really are
>

---

larger than life - If someone is larger than life, that person attracts a lot of attention because they are more exciting or interesting than most people | more obvious than usual:
> Most characters in his movies are somewhat **larger than life**.
> His superhuman strength gives the story a **larger-than-life** quality, like a fable.
> He attracts a lot of attention because he's larger than life.

walks of life - various levels of social position or achievement | professional background
> In my work I see people from all walks of life
> People  from  all  walks  of  life  supported  the  cause.
>  You'll meet lots of different people at the club - and from all walks of life

the time of your life - an extremely enjoyable experience
> We had the time of our lives at the party.
> I'm having the time of my life
> There were so many great things to do in Sydney. I had the time of my life

it's/that's the story of my life - said when something bad happens to you that has happened to you many times before:
> Honestly, it's the story of my life - I meet a totally nice girl and she's leaving for Australia the next day!
> I meet somebody I really like and she tells me she’s married. That’s the story of my life!’
> I did not get the job i applied for. It's the story of my life

lifelike - used to describe something that appears real or very similar to what is real
> A lifelike portrait of his two daughters hung on the wall.
> The mask was so lifelike it was quite frightening.

fact of life - something unpleasant that cannot be avoided
> Driving to work on overcrowded highways is a fact of life for millions of commuters.
> It's very hard for some people, but rising prices are just a fact of life

[AK]long-lasting ~ durable - continuing for a long period of time
> a long-lasting friendship

---

regarding
> I am writing regarding the Smartphone I ordered online last month

as regards
> As regards your staff, they have been less than helpful

consequently
> I have still not received the machine and consequently I am cancelling my order
> Each time I called the service I had spoken to a different person, and consequently, I had to repeat the whole thing again

due to
> When I placed the order I received an email saying there would be a delay in delivery due to late arrival of stock

in terms of
> In terms of customer service, your company has been extremely poor


---

[E][G][R]be on the ball - to be quick to understand and react to things:
> I didn't sleep well last night and I'm not really on the ball today.
> he struck me as being really on the ball 

outweigh - to be greater or more important than something else
> The benefits of this treatment far outweigh any risks.

handcuffs - to put handcuffs on someone:
> He arrived in court handcuffed to two police officers.

[E] - how much weigh
>I'm not sure how much weigh to attach to this

[G][R][FN] extent - to the same degree as; as much as | the degree to which something happens or is likely to happen:
> She had not realized the extent to which the children had been affected.
> The rich will not benefit from the proposed changes to the tax system to the same extent as the lower paid.
> I can drive a lamborghini and I'll lose some money but not to the extent of this car (ferrari)

to the extent of - so strongly that
> Some people hold their beliefs very strongly, even to the extent of being prepared to go to prison for them
> I can drive a lamborghini and I'll lose some money but not to the extent of this car (ferrari)

--- 

[E][G][R]
chance your arm - to take a risk in order to get something that you want
> Aren't you chancing your arm a bit giving up a secure job to start up a business ?

[E][G][R]shell out (something) - to spend money on something, often when you do not really want (unwilling)
> If you want the repairs done right, you’ll have to shell out at least $800.
> Courts have ordered tobacco companies to shell out millions of dollars in damages to smokers.

fleece - to charge too much money or cheat someone
> That restaurant really fleeced us
> He was fleecing investors by setting up fake companies and then manipulating the price of their stocks.

fraught (with) - full of unpleseant things such as problems or dangers | full of (unpleasant things such as problems or dangers 
> From beginning to end, the trip was fraught with risks
> The negotiations have been fraught with difficulties/problems right from the start
> Writing about science at a popular level is a task fraught with difficulty.

[E][G][R] spirit somebody/something away/off - to take someone or something away quickly and secretly
> After his speech, Jackson was spirited away through a back door.

[E][R][N] right up your street ~ exactly right for you

[E]be hot off the press - if news or a newspaper is hot off the press, it has just recently been printed

[E][G][R] Don't let me keep you now - It's a passive-aggressive tactic to find out if "you" find spending time with me worthwhile: or would you rather be elsewhere away from me?
> Don't let me keep you now, you probably want to get an early night

[G][R][FN]headachy - having a headache:
> I knew I was getting a cold when I started feeling tired and headachy.

[E][G][R]be out of sorts - to be slightly ill or slightly unhappy:
> I've been feeling tired and headachy and generally out of sorts.
> I definitely began to feel out of sorts later at home

bout - a short period of illness or involvement in an activity
> She had bouts of fever as a child.

[E][G] be out for the count - to be sleeping, especially heavily:
> It looks like Jessica is out for the count

[E] I just rang to say hello

[E][G][FN][R]do the trick - If something does the trick, it has the necessary or wanted effect:
> This sauce needs more flavour - I know, some lemon juice should/ought to do the trick

do sb a power of good - to be extremely good for someone:
> He's been working too hard and some time off would do him a power of good.
> I knew that medicine was going to do me a power of good

mend - to repair something that was broken or damaged
> Could you mend this hole in my shirt?

[E] on the mend - becoming healthy after an illness:
> She's still in the hospital, but she's definitely on the mend.

## Grammar

### Adverbs Word Order
Adverbs can go in initial position (at the beginning of a sentence), mid-position (with the verb) or in final position (at the end of the sentence). Some adverbs can only go in one position, some can go in two and some in all three of them.

1. **Initial position**

Adverbs that link a sentence to a previous one, time adverbs and negative expressions (followed by inversion) can go at the beginning of a sentence:

>_I'm too busy to do that. Besides, I'm not qualified._
_Today we're going to visit the Tower of London._
_Not only was the food awful, but also it rained all the time._

2. **Mid-position**

Mid-position adverbs usually go before the main verb (between the main verb and the auxiliary if there is one) and after _be_:

>_They completely forgot._
_I have just arrived._
_This meeting is mainly about planning._

**A)** Adverbs that indicate **certainty**, **completeness**, **indefinite frequency and adverbs of manner** (especially in passive sentences) can go in mid-position:

>_I will probably see you there._
_The building had been entirely gutted._
_I sometimes think he's insane._
_Ann single-handedly arranged the whole event._

**B)** When there are **two or more auxiliaries**, the a**dverb usually goes after the first one**:

> _She would never have found out if you had kept your mouth shut._

**WARNING!** However, adverbs of manner and of completeness go after all the auxiliaries:

	_It was the first time a project like that had been properly done._

**C)** In negative sentences, in short answers or when the auxiliary is used instead of the whole verb, mid-position adverbs go before the auxiliary:

>_I don't like her and I never will._
_'Do you agree?' 'I most certainly do not.'_

3. **End position**

Adverbs of **manner, place and time** often go in end position:

>_She closed the door quietly._
_I'll see them next month._
_I've left my glasses upstairs._

When there is **more than one adverb** in the end position, **the order:** *is manner, place and time*:

>_He hurt himself badly in the garden yesterday._

**Remember!**

When an adverb can go in different positions, sometimes there is a difference of meaning:

>_I don't really want to do this._ (= mild objection)
_I really don't want to do this._ (= strong objection)

### Prepositions Following Verbs
Some verbs may, and some must, be followed by prepositional phrases. When they are, the prepositions are often fixed, although there are verbs that can go with more than one preposition. 
**+ about**
 argue, boast, complain, decide, dream, hear, laugh, learn, lecture, preach, protest, quarrel, read, speak, think 
 _Have you thought about my proposal at all?_ 
 
 **+ against**
  protest 
  _They are protesting against the government._ 
  
 **+ at** 
 aim, arrive, glance, guess, hint, laugh, look, marvel, shout, smile 
 _They were quite rude and laughed at him._ 
 
 **+ for** 
 account, aim, allow, apply, apologize, arrange, ask, blame, care, call, cater, count, hope, long, pay, pray, provide, search, wish _How did they account for the missing money?_
 
 **+ from** 
 benefit, differ, die, refrain, resign, result, stem, suffer 
 _They died from exhaustion._
 
 **+ in** 
 arrive, believe, belong, confide, dress, interest, result, specialize, succeed 
 _This chair belongs in that room._ 
 
 **+ of** 
 conceive, die, dream, hear, think 
 _You can only dream of a house like that!_ 
 
 **+ on**  
 agree, call, comment, concentrate, decide, depend, eleborate, impose, insist, lecture, live, operate, preach, rely
  _They agreed on a new treaty to ban nuclear weapons._ 
  
 **+ out** 
 phase 
 _The current system will be phased out over the next two years._ 
 
 **+ to** 
 add, adjust, admit, agree, answer, apologize, apply, attend, belong, confess, conform, consent, contribute, object, react, refer, resort, speak 
 _They've agreed to the terms of the new contract._ 
 
 **+ with**
 agree, coincide, collide, comply, deal, fight, meet (with an accident), interfere, quarrel, speak, struggle, tamper
  _He agreed with her._ 

**Remember!** Some verbs can be followed by more than one preposition without a change in meaning: _He lectures on Italian literature at Glasgow University._ _He lectures about Italian literature at Glasgow University._ 

**Learning tip** If you are unsure which prepositions follow certain verbs, then look the verb up in a dictionary.</div>


