
# week 18 - 03-08 and 05-08

## Vocabulary

[E] come about - to happen, especially by chance
> The increase in production has come about **through** the use of technology.
> I don’t know how it came about **that** we stopped loving each other.

[E] come up with -  to think of an idea, answer etc
> Is that the best excuse you can come up with?
> We’ve been asked to come up with some new ideas.

[E] come across sth/sb - to meet, find, or discover someone or something by chance
> I came across an old diary in her desk.
> I’ve never come across anyone quite like her before.

[E] come off - to happen as planned, or to succeed
> There was some sort of property deal that didn't come off.
> I tried telling a few jokes but they didn't come off (= no one laughed).

[E] come down to - If a situation or decision comes down to something, that is the thing that influences it most
> Eventually our choice of hotel will come down to how much we can afford.
> It all comes down to money in the end.

[E] come down to - If a situation or problem comes down to something, it can be described or explained most simply in that way
> What the problem comes down to is whether the consumer will be willing to pay more for a higher quality product.

[E] come up against something/somebody - to have to deal with problems or difficulties
> We may find we come up against quite a lot of opposition from local people.
> If you come up against difficulties, let me know and I'll help out.

[E] come around - If an event that happens regularly comes round, it happens at its usual time
> Christmas comes round so quickly!
> By the time the summer came around, Kelly was feeling much better.

### Throw / Throw Up / Throw sb Off
Throw -  to make an object such as a ball move quickly through the air by pushing your hand forward quickly and letting the object go
> Someone threw a stone at the car.
> I spent all night throwing up.
> He threw up his breakfast all over the back seat of the car.

throw up - to bring food or drink up from your stomach out through your mouth because you are ill 
> Georgia was bent over the basin, throwing up.

### boring vs bored
- I was feeling bored because the lesson was boring
> the lesson was the **reason** I felt bored

-ed adjective == feeling
> -eds ending describe the feelings

-ing adjective == reason
> -ings ending describe the reasons you have that feeling

It alson works for other adjectives too, such as: 
- If the lesson is interesting, i feel interested
- if something is tiring, I am tired
- if something is relexing, i am relexed
- if something is suprising, i am suprised
