


# week 12 - 22-06 and 24-06

## Vocabulary
### Collocations
- deadly serious
- desperately unlucky
- hopelessly wrong
- mildly amused
- painfully slow
- patently obvious
- perfectly reasonable
- simply unacceptable
- vaguely familiar
- wildly optimistic


## Grammar
Most adverbs are formed by adding -ly to the end of the related adjective.

Exceptionally, words which end in  **-ble  drop off the  -e  before  -ly  is added**. So do the words  true  and  due.

sensible  --> sensibly

suitable --> suitably

true --> truly

due --> duly

### Adverbs with the same form as adjectives

Some adverbs have the same form as adjectives. The most common are:  _fast_  (not  fastly),  _left, hard, outside, right, straight, late, well_, and time words such as  _daily, weekly, monthly, yearly_.

> _This coconut is really  hard. You’ll need a hammer to break it up._
x
> _You have to bang the door  hard  to shut it._


> _She drives a  fast  car._
x
> _They can swim quite  fast  now actually._


> _An  outside  light would be a really good idea for our house._
x
> _When I went  outside, the light came on automatically._


> _I get a  monthly  pay cheque._
x
> _My company pays me  monthly._

### Gradable adverbs
Most adverbs, like most adjectives, are gradable (they can express different degrees of qualities, properties, states, conditions and relations). We can modify adverbs using other types of adverbs and comparative forms to make longer adverb phrases.

Compare
He plays the piano amazingly. x He plays the piano really amazingly. (_really_  is a degree adverb)
