

## Vocabulary 

[E] head down to somewhere - To head down" does not always refer to traveling south. You might say "I'm going to head down to the store today" even if the store is northwest of you. It's simply a colloquial way of saying that you're going somewhere.

give it a go

give someone the go ahead

git it some thought

admittedly - used when you are agreeing that something is true, especially unwillingly
> Admittedly, I could have tried harder but I still don't think all this criticism is fair

mend - to repair something that is broken or damaged
> Could you mend this hole in my shirt?
> UK I've left my watch at the jeweller's to be mended.
> UK The plumber came to mend the burst pipe.

on the contrary - the opposite
> I was worried that it might be too hard for me but it turned out the contrary was true.
> "I thought you said the film was exciting?" "On the contrary, I nearly fell asleep half way through it!"
> For a long time it was thought to be a harmless substance, but we now have proof/evidence to the contrary.

off the shelf - If a product can be bought off the shelf, it does not need to be specially made or asked for
> It's often cheaper if you buy wallpaper off the shelf, rather than having to order it.
> off-the-shelf goods/clothes

up in the air - If a matter is up in the air, it is uncertain, often because other matters have to be decided first
> The whole future of the project is up in the air.
> The definition of a new directive is still up in the air.

be in the bag - If something is in the bag, you are certain to get it or to achieve it
> Once we'd scored the third goal, the game was pretty much in the bag
> The governor’s advisors believe the election is in the bag.
> her nomination was in the bag

be on the cards - to be likely to happen
> "So you think they'll get married next year?" "I think it's in the cards."
> success just wasn't in the cards for her
> An election is in the cards this year.

[E] be out of the question

[E] be anyone's guess - If a piece of information is anyone's guess, no one knows it
> "So what's going to happen now?" "That's anyone's guess."
> What causes these changes is anybody's guess.

be touch and go - if a situation is touch-and-go, it is uncertain:
> The doctor says that it's touch-and-go whether Mary will be okay.
> It had been touch-and-go for him in the hospital, but he had eventually recovered.

parlous - very bad, dangerous, or uncertain
> Relations between the two countries have been in a parlous state for some time.
> I'd like to buy a new car, but my finances are in such a parlous state that I can't afford to.

perilous - extremely dangerous
> The country roads are quite perilous.

dodgy - NOT RELIABLE
> Yesterday i went to a really dodgy district. i though I would be stolen at anytime

## Grammar 
