

## Vocabulary
Letter Carrier
	postman (male)
	
firefighter
	fireman (male)
	
spokesperson
	spokesman (male)
	
police officer
	policeman (male)

spaceman x spacewoman

chairwoman - a woman in charge of a meeting or organization | presidente (f)

repairman 

ace

faint of heart - Faint of heart describes a person who is lacking courage, squeamish, unable to rise to the occasion. An alternative phrase for faint of heart is faint at heart. 
> Watching Powell use the spoon and some of his sharper equipment is not for the faint of heart 

fainthearted - Someone who is fainthearted is not confident or brave and dislikes taking unnecessary risks
> She made a rather faint-hearted attempt to stop him from leaving.

stunningly (adverb)
> a stunningly beautiful woman

a close call - a narrow escape from danger or disaster.
> the team had a close call in the preliminary group games

get a kick out of something - enjoy, like something
> I always get a kick out of his jokes.
> I get a real kick out of shopping for new shoes.
> Most people get a kick out of taking a trip.
> Tom would get a kick out of seeing this.

give it a whirl - If you decide to give an activity a whirl, you do it even though it is something that you have never tried before.
> I've never danced salsa before but I'll give it a whirl.

occupational hazard - a danger that is connected with doing a particular job:
> Hearing loss from excessive noise is an occupational hazard for nightclub workers.

[E] the ins and outs - the detailed or complicated facts of something
> I know how to use computers, but I don't really understand the ins and outs of how they work.

[G] unfathomable - impossible to understand
> For some unfathomable reason they built the bathroom next to the kitchen.

[G] dodgy - likely to fail or cause problems
> The weather might be a bit dodgy at this time of year.
> I can’t come in to work today – I’ve got a bit of a dodgy stomach.
> It was a dodgy situation.
> Careful – that chair’s a bit dodgy.
> Ever since the accident I’ve had this dodgy leg.

[N] clunky - heavy and solid in an ugly way:
> The clunky handsets looked old-fashioned as soon as they were launched.
> He wore a clunky gold ring.

[N][R][E] troubleshoot - to discover why something does not work effectively and help to improve it
> They brought me in to troubleshoot - to go in, sort out the problem, and get out again.
> A top German engineer has been appointed to troubleshoot the cause of the accident.

[G][R][E] self-starter -  a person who is able to work effectively without regularly needing to be told what to do | someone who can work well alone
> Applicants must be self-starters.
> The successful applicant for the position will be a well-motivated self-starter who has excellent communication skills.

asset - a useful or valuable quality, skill, or person:
> He'll be a great asset to the team.
> Her eyes are her best asset (= most attractive feature).
> Knowledge of languages is a real asset in this sort of work.

[E][G][FN] at short notice - only a short time before something happens
> I can't cancel my plans at such short notice.

thrive - to grow, develop, or be successful:
> His business thrived in the years before the war.
> She seems to thrive on stress.
> Some employees thrive on the challenge of intense workloads.

[FN][R][G] strive - to try very hard to do something or to make something happen, especially for a long time or against difficulties:
> [ + to infinitive ] Mr Roe has kindled expectations that he must now strive to live up to.
> In her writing she strove for a balance between innovation and familiar prose forms.

## Grammar 

### Participle Clauses
Used to describe actions that happen simultaneously or consecutively.

-> [TODO](https://learnenglish.britishcouncil.org/grammar/intermediate-to-upper-intermediate/participle-clauses) 

**Consecutively - Perfect participle -ed** 
**Not having** ever **been** near a forest fire, i can't imagine the heat
>Because I was not near a forest fire, I can't imagine the heat

**Having fought** forest fires for 15 years, she is now an expert
> after she fight forest fires for 15 years, she is now an expert

**Simultaneously - present participle -ing**
**Weighing** on average around 70-80 kg, women firefighters are well suited to this kind of work
> Because they weight around 70-80, women firefighters are well suited to this kind of work

**Landing** near the fire, they quickly assessed the situation
> Because they land near the fire, they quickly assessed the situation

**Not thinking** of his own safety, he rushed into the house
> because he did not think of his own safety, he rushed into the house

> **Other Conjunctions:** as result, when, after, if, in order to

### Present Perfect 
- finished actions - thinking about past and present together
> I've written to john, so he knows what is happening now

- news
> A plane has crashed at Gatwick airport

- up to know - how much/how many, how often; ever/never
> I've drunk six cups of coffee today
> John hasn't phoned.
> Haver you ever been here? I have never been here before

- finished actions continuing up to now
> I have been 8 years in this country


