
Criterion - singular form of criteria

Outlook

Beliefs

Ever since 

As and when ~ whenever

[G]Upbringing - the way that your parents care for you and teach you to behave when you are growing up.
> Mike had had a strict upbringing
> Our grandmother took charge of our religious upbrings

cue (verb) - to give someone a signal to do something
> with a nod of his head, the soldiers cued the lead signal

cue noun - a signal for someone to do somethings
> They started washing up, so that was our cue to leave the party

Lost <my, your, etc> train of thought

[G]Impaired
> I think he has a mental impaired that difficulties his way of talk

I use that to light my fire and became better.

Climb up 
> Written with [StackEdit](https://stackedit.io/).

settled - remain the same, and not likely to change | If you fIf you feel settled in a job, school, etc., you have become familiar with it and are comfortable and happy theree
> I still don't feel settled in my job 

settle down - to become familiar with a place and to feel happy and confident in it
> She quickly settled down in her new house/job/school

[E][G]down the line -  at a further, later unspecific point, in the future 
> I want to get married, but down the line, not any time soon
> Now, three years down the line, he is realizing how import is to have a degree nowadays.

[E][R][G]get rid of sth - to remove or throw away something unwanted:
> I tend to use alcohol gel every hour to get rid of the bacteria and germs

[G]swell - to become larger and rounder than usual; to increate in size or amount
> She had broken her leg, because it immediately started to swell (up)
> Her heart swelled with pride as she stood watching his son graduate

untidy -  not neat or well-arranged
> an untidy yard

clutter (noun) -  (lots of objects in) a state of being untidy
> Sorry about the clutter in my desk
> My bed room is full of clutter

[R][G]clutter (verb) - to fill something in an untidy or badly organized way
> My daughter always clutter the kitchen with school bags and coats and stuff
> I try not to clutter (up) my mind with so much information

backward - not advanced |  developing slowly and less successfully than most others
> People still think of People still think of it as a backward country/region/area (= one without industry or modern machines).

[R]be bound to -  to be very likely to do or feel a particular thing
> However, I suppose it was bound to happen sooner or later.
> Don't hind that from your parents. They are bound to find out
> "It is hot!" "Well, It was bound to be - I just took it out of the oven"

[E][G]train of thought - a related series of thoughts that are developing in your mind
> I have lost my train of thought
> The phone interrupted my train of thought
> Our first goal is to identify a train of thought that make clear what our manager wants to.
> The book describe the train of thoughts/events that led up to the assassination.

[G]live up to sth - to be good as something | if something or someone lives up to a particular standard or promise, they do as well as they were expected to, do what they promised etc
> the concert show as brilliant - it lived up to all our expectation
> He feels it's impossible to live up to his own mother
> Did your holiday live up to your expectations

[G][R]devoid - be devoid of sth - to be completely lacking in something
> His face was devoid of any humour and empathy
> I admire and envy it because I am devoid of it 

narrow-minded - 
> She is never narrow-minded, and is always willing to accept everyone whatever their beliefs and customs

over the moon - 
> He got fired but instead of being depressed about it she was acctually over the moon.

seventh heaven - extremely happy:
> After his graduation he is in seventh heaven

soul-destroying  - A soul-destroying job or other activity is so boring that it makes you very unhappy
> Repetitive work can become soul-destroying after a while.

attitude **TO** -

approach **TO** (noun) - 

responsibility **FOR** -
> He takes on responsibility for all sorts of things

impact **ON**
> Mario has a really good mpact on everyone who plays his games

reward **ON** 
> The scientists from USP got a reward for all their efforts in carrying out a research about coronavirus
> USP scientists received a reward for all their efforts in conducting research on coronavirus

trouble **WITH** - 
> If you ask me, the trouble with her is that she's too nice to people.

dislike **FOR**
> Joan is the only person she has a real dislike for.

getting on - 
> My sister has a real gift for getting on with people 

[G][R]former - the first of two people, things, or groups previously mentioned
>He love study the human and the animal kingdom. The study of the former took him on several old cities and places.
> Of the two suggestions, I prefer the former.

## Grammar

### Perfect Aspect
"Aspect" describe not the time of an event but the speaker's perspective. In the **perfect aspect** the important thing we use it to **look back** from a specific time and talk about things up to that time or about things that are important at that time.

**Present Perfect**
Present Perfect is used to look back from the present perspective.
> I have always enjoyed working in USA. [I still do]

* Use to talk about completed actions that are connected to the present
> The film has started
> I have pumped up the car tyres

* Use something that started in the past and continues in the present - Use with stative verbs (e.g. be, have, know)
> They have been maried for nearly 50 years
> She has lived in São Paulo all her life
> we have known about the problem for a while

* When we are talking about our experience up to the present 
> I have seen that movie before
> I have traveled around the world since I was a tennager
> He has written three books and he is working on another one

* For something that happened in the past but still important in the present
> I cannot get in the house. I have lost my keys
> She is not at home. I think she has gone shopping

* With time expressions that **mean up to now** e.g. today, this week
> have you spoken to Michael this week?

* **Using Present Perfect when talk about *How Much* or *How Many* **
> She has drunk three cups of coffee this morning. This is not possible with Present Perfect Continues
> WRONG!! ~~She has been drinking three cups of coffee this morning~~

**Present Perfect Continuous**
In order to **emphasise** that something started in the past but **still happening** in the present prefer use **present perfect continuous**
> It has been raining for hours
> I am tired out. I have been working all day

**Past Perfect**
Past Perfect os used to look back from a time in the past

* Can be used for something that **started in the past** and **continued up to a point in the past
> He didn't want to eat. He had eaten dinner before.
> When Augusto arrived, his mother and sister had already slept
> When George died, he and Anne had been married for nearly 50 years.

* when we are reporting our experience up to a point in the past
> I was so happy by eating korean food. I had never eaten that before.
> I went to the new shopping mall, I got stucked in it for 12 hours. that day was the worst day I had ever had.
> I was pleased to meet George. I hadn't met him before, even though I had met his wife several times.

* can be used for something that happened in the past and is important at a later time in the past.
> I could not get into the house, I had lost my keys
> Thell wasn't at home. He had gone shopping

**Past Perfect Continuous**
Use Past perfect continuous to show that something start in the past and continued up to a time in the past or was important at that time in the past or has a result at a time in the past
> The pavement was wet. It had been raining
>_Everything was wet. It  **had been raining**  for hours.  
> He was a wonderful guitarist. He  **had been playing**  ever since he was a teenager._

* How long to a point in the past
> She had been working at that company for 6 years when she met James

* Third Conditional
> If it had been snowing, we would have gone skiing 
> If I had been playing  cs more often, i would have helped our team better.

**Future Perfect - will + perfect**
Use **will** with the **perfect** to look back from a time in the future.

> By next year I will have worked in itally for 15 years
> She will have left home by this time tomorrow. She is going the travel for italy.

**Would + Perfect**

**Might + Have**

**Should + Have**

**Must + Have**

### Would - Repeated Actions in the Past
You can use would to talk about repeated actions in the same way as used to.
> When I was young I **would**/**used to** build sandcastles on the beach

**WARNING - Not Applicable** - We **cannot** use would talk about **past states**. Use **used to** instead.
> WHen we were young, we used to like going to the beach in summer.

### Used to
**As Adjective** - Be **used to + -ing** means **'be accustomed to'.**. Use it to talk about things that were experienced so much that they are now familiar.
> I'm used to driving on the left now, but it was quite difficult when I first arrived in Britain
> My father is quite used to having me and my friends around the house all afternoon.
> is he used to cook?
> My sister has not got used to living alone in a flat

**As Verb** -  Use **used to + infinitive** to talk about past habits which are now finished or for **past states** and situations which are no longer true.
> I used to play a lot of video games when I was 14 years old.
> I didn't use to like jazz, but now I do.
> I never used to eat salad when I was a kid.
> What did you use to do when you were in college.

****

## References
[# Perfect Aspect](https://learnenglish.britishcouncil.org/english-grammar-reference/perfect-aspect)
