
## Vocabulary

intently

prized 
> This fungus is really prized in England

hatches

caterpillar

eyesight

tenfold - ten times as big or as much
> a tenfold increase
> It is believed that those who ingest it will grow ten tenfold

[FN][R][G]soared - to rise very quickly to a high level | to reach a great height 
> Temperatures will soar over the weekend, say the weather forecasters.
> House prices soared a further 20 percent.

soar (verb) - to increase quickly in amount, number, value, or level
> Corn, soybean, and wheat prices all soared this year.
> Computer hardware demand soared this year

[G][FN][R] formerly [~ once, previously]- in the past | before the present time or in the past
> The European Union was formerly called the European Community.
> The building was formerly used as a bank, but is now being turned into a bar.
> Formerly, he had gone regularly to Europe, but now he seldom traveled.

impoverished - very poor 
> an impoverished young actor
> Thousands of formerly impoverished tibetan yak herders now own motorcycles and iphones

herders - a person who takes care of a large group of animals of the same type
> nomadic African herders

[G][FN][R]thriving - growing, developing, or being successful
> The island has a thriving community and a rich and tragic history.
> These entrepreneur are thriving on the demand caused by the pandemic

[G][R]rampt - (of something bad) getting worse quickly and in an uncontrolled way
> rampant corruption
> Rampant inflation means that our wage increases soon become worth nothing.
> He said that he had encountered rampant prejudice in his attempts to get a job.
> Disease is rampant in the overcrowded city.

downfal - (something that causes) the usually sudden destruction of a person, organization, or government and their loss of power, money, or health
> Rampant corruption brought about the downfall of the government.
> In the end, it was the continual drinking that was his downfall.

harvest - the time of year when crops are cut and collected from the fields, or the activity of cutting and collecting them, or the crops that are cut and collected
> We had a good harvest this year.

roughly ~~ approximately

## Grammar

### Emphatic Structures
#### Cleft Sentences
Cleft sentences are used to help us focus on a particular part of the sentence and to emphasise what we want to say. In a cleft sentence, a single message is divided (cleft) into two clauses. 

**It-cleft sentences**
The information that comes after it is **emphasised** for the listener. The clause which follows the it-clause is connected using **that** and it contains information that is already understood.
> [without emphasis] I don't lije tge layout of this office
> [with **emphasis**]It is the layout of the house that I don't like

> A: You havent met my mother, havent you?  B: No, it was your sister (that) I met

**Wh-cleft sentences**
Used to put the things that is wanted to be empasised in the end of the sentence. Wh-cleft sentences are most often introduced by what, but we can also use why, where, how, etc. The information in the wh-clause is typically old or understood information, while the information in the following clause is new and in focus.

> [without emphasis] I don't like the layout of this office
> [with **emphasis**] What i don't like is the layout of this office

> [without emphasis] We need to get new batteries for it.
> [with **emphasis**] What we need to do is get new batteries for it.

> A: I don’t know what to cook for them? I don’t know what they like.
> B: What they like is smoked salmon.

**The thing**
Used to put the things that is wanted to be empasised in the end of the sentence. 
>  Your generosity impresses more than anything else.
> **The thing that** impresses me more than anything else  **is** your generosity.

#### Negative Inversion
Sometimes statements begin with a negative expression for emphasis. In these cases,  **inversion**  is necessary, with the  **auxiliary**  **going before the subject**. If there is no auxiliary verb, we use  _do, does, or did_

`Adverb(-) + auxiliary verb + subject`
> I had never met someone so interesting
> Never had I met someone s interesting

> She seldom work very hard
> Seldom she work very hard

**WARNING** Some  negative adverbials requere you to complete a whole clause before the inversion takes place.
> [without] I did not realize how late it was until I had left
> [with] Not until I had left  **did**  _I_  realize how late it was

> I did not know what todo until I saw what had happened
> Not until I saw what had happened did i know what to do

This kind of invertions takes place with
* Not 
	* Until
	* Before
* Only 
	* while
	* when
	* after
	* once 
	* as

-   Not only
> Not only  **did**  _he_  insult me, but he also threatened me

-   Not until
> [without] I did not realize how late it was until I had left
> [with] Not until I had left  **did**  _I_  realize how late it was

-   Hardly ... when/before
> Hardly  **had**  they sat down for dinner when the telephone rang

-   never
> Never in my life  **had**  _I_  had such a good time

-   seldom (~ almost never)
> seldom  **have**  _I_  seen such an amazing view

-   under no circumstances
> Under no circumstances  **can**  _this_  happen againg

-   at no time
> At no time  **is**  _she_  to be left alone

-   little
> Little did he know unpopular he was


