


## Vocabulary
[G][R]in light of sth ~ because of
> In light of recent incidents, we are asking our customers to take particular care of their personal belongings.

[E]Now, where was I?
[E]Sorry, I lost the thread
[E]So, as I was saying

as long as - As long as or so long as also means ‘provided that’, ‘providing that’ or ‘on condition that’
> You can have a dog as long as you promise to take care of it.

as long as - refer to the intended duration of a plan or idea, most commonly referring to the future.
> We are very happy for you to stay at our house as long as you like.
> I’ll remember that film as long as I live

exploit - to use something in a way that helps you
> We need to make sure that we exploit our resources as fully as possible

thrived - to grow, develop, or be successful
> His business thrived in the years before the war.
> Industries such as water, telecoms, and insurance have been thriving.

on-target earnings (OTE) - used in job advertisements to show how much money it is possible to earn if the person doing the job sells an amount of goods or services, or does an amount of work, stated by the employer
> a salary of £41,000 OTE

wage ~ weekly earning - a particular amount of money that is paid, usually every week, to an employee.
> He gets/earns/is paid a good wage, because he works for a fair employer.
> The job pays very low wages.

entail - to make something necessary, or to involve something
what it intails
> Such a large investment inevitably entails some risk.
>  Any investment entails risk.
> Repairing the roof will entail spending [ + -ing verb ] a lot of money.
