---


---

<h2 id="vocabulary">Vocabulary</h2>
<p>something+ ware  - do something in particular way</p>
<blockquote>
<p>warfare</p>
</blockquote>
<p>seafaring - connected with travelling by sea:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>a seafaring man (= a sailor)</p>
</blockquote>
<p>apprise - to tell someone about something:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>The president has been apprised of the situation.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>appraisal - an examination of the value, condition, qualities, etc. of something</p>
<blockquote>
<p>The newspaper gave an editorial appraisal of the government’s achievements of the past year.<br>
accurate/realistic/honest appraisal She said there was a desire for “an honest appraisal to identify the true facts of this matter”.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>get by - to be able to live or deal with a situation with difficulty, usually by having just enough of something you need, such as money</p>
<blockquote>
<p>the moken get bye on what they take from the sea each day<br>
How can he get by on so little money?<br>
We can get by with four computers at the moment, but we’ll need a couple more when the new staff arrive.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>get ahead - to be successful in the work that you do</p>
<blockquote>
<p>get ahead in life is a western concept<br>
It’s tough for a woman to get ahead in politic<br>
You’ve got to take risks if you want to get ahead.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>get through - to succeed in talking to someone on the phone</p>
<blockquote>
<p>I tried to call her but couldn’t get through.<br>
I got through to the wrong department.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>get down to - to start to direct your efforts and attention towards something</p>
<blockquote>
<p>It seems some people would like the moken to get down to leading a more conventional life<br>
I’ve got a lot of work to do, but I can’t seem to get down to it.<br>
[ + -ing verb ] UK I must get down to booking the hotels.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>get at - o criticize a person repeatedly</p>
<blockquote>
<p>He keeps getting at me and I really don’t know what I’ve done wrong.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>offbeat - unusual and strange and therefore surprising or noticeable</p>
<blockquote>
<p>an offbeat sense of humour<br>
offbeat lifestyle</p>
</blockquote>
<p>cling - to stick onto or hold something or someone tightly, or to refuse to stop holding it, him, or her</p>
<blockquote>
<p>They clung together in terror as the screams grew louder.<br>
A young man is clinging to a sheer wall of granite</p>
</blockquote>
<p>sheer - used to emphasize how very great, important, or powerful a quality or feeling is; nothing except</p>
<blockquote>
<p>The suggestion is sheer nonsense.<br>
His success was due to sheer willpower/determination.<br>
It was sheer coincidence that we met.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>sheer - extremely steep; almost vertical:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>a sheer mountain side<br>
a sheer drop of 100 metres</p>
</blockquote>
<h2 id="grammar">Grammar</h2>

