---


---

<h2 id="vocabulary">Vocabulary</h2>
<p>something+ ware  - do something in particular way</p>
<blockquote>
<p>warfare</p>
</blockquote>
<p>seafaring - connected with travelling by sea:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>a seafaring man (= a sailor)</p>
</blockquote>
<p>apprise - to tell someone about something:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>The president has been apprised of the situation.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>appraisal - an examination of the value, condition, qualities, etc. of something</p>
<blockquote>
<p>The newspaper gave an editorial appraisal of the government’s achievements of the past year.<br>
accurate/realistic/honest appraisal She said there was a desire for “an honest appraisal to identify the true facts of this matter”.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>get by - to be able to live or deal with a situation with difficulty, usually by having just enough of something you need, such as money</p>
<blockquote>
<p>the moken get bye on what they take from the sea each day<br>
How can he get by on so little money?<br>
We can get by with four computers at the moment, but we’ll need a couple more when the new staff arrive.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>get ahead - to be successful in the work that you do</p>
<blockquote>
<p>get ahead in life is a western concept<br>
It’s tough for a woman to get ahead in politic<br>
You’ve got to take risks if you want to get ahead.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>get through - to succeed in talking to someone on the phone</p>
<blockquote>
<p>I tried to call her but couldn’t get through.<br>
I got through to the wrong department.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>get down to - to start to direct your efforts and attention towards something</p>
<blockquote>
<p>It seems some people would like the moken to get down to leading a more conventional life<br>
I’ve got a lot of work to do, but I can’t seem to get down to it.<br>
[ + -ing verb ] UK I must get down to booking the hotels.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>apply yourself - If you apply yourself to something, you work hard at it, directing your abilities and efforts in a determined way so that you succeed</p>
<blockquote>
<p>You can solve any problem if you apply yourself.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>get at - o criticize a person repeatedly</p>
<blockquote>
<p>He keeps getting at me and I really don’t know what I’ve done wrong.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>offbeat - unusual and strange and therefore surprising or noticeable</p>
<blockquote>
<p>an offbeat sense of humour<br>
offbeat lifestyle</p>
</blockquote>
<p>cling - to stick onto or hold something or someone tightly, or to refuse to stop holding it, him, or her</p>
<blockquote>
<p>They clung together in terror as the screams grew louder.<br>
A young man is clinging to a sheer wall of granite</p>
</blockquote>
<p>sheer - used to emphasize how very great, important, or powerful a quality or feeling is; nothing except</p>
<blockquote>
<p>The suggestion is sheer nonsense.<br>
His success was due to sheer willpower/determination.<br>
It was sheer coincidence that we met.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>sheer - extremely steep; almost vertical:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>a sheer mountain side<br>
a sheer drop of 100 metres</p>
</blockquote>
<p>summit - the highest point of a mountain | the highest, most successful, or most important point in something</p>
<blockquote>
<p>I certainly haven’t reached the summit of my career.<br>
One day I will climb to the Everest summit</p>
</blockquote>
<p>flawlessly - in a way that is perfect or without mistakes</p>
<blockquote>
<p>she played the piece flawlessly<br>
This is an action film that is very well crafted and flawlessly executed.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>slab - a thick, flat piece of a solid substance, such as stone, wood, metal, food, etc., that is usually square or rectangular</p>
<blockquote>
<p>a concrete/marble slab<br>
He ate a whole slab of chocolate</p>
</blockquote>
<p>staring - looking at something for a long time with the eyes wide open, especially when surprised, frightened, or thinking</p>
<blockquote>
<p>She was small with wide staring eyes.<br>
What are you staring at?<br>
She stared at me in disbelief.<br>
She sat there staring into space</p>
</blockquote>
<p>[E]he is able to carry a camera where few dare to go</p>
<h2 id="grammar">Grammar</h2>
<h3 id="continuous-aspect">Continuous Aspect</h3>
<p><strong>START - WARNING</strong><br>
<strong>Stative Verbs</strong><br>
The stative verbs are not used in the continuous aspect.<br>
They can be divided in:</p>
<ol>
<li>Like and Dislikes</li>
</ol>
<ul>
<li>Like - Dislike</li>
<li>Love - Hate</li>
<li>Enjoy - Prefer</li>
<li>Want - Wish</li>
</ul>
<ol start="2">
<li>Verbs of the mind</li>
</ol>
<ul>
<li>Believe or think - doubt</li>
<li>forget - remember</li>
<li>guess - know</li>
<li>imagine - realize</li>
<li>recognize - suppose</li>
<li>think - understand</li>
</ul>
<ol start="3">
<li>verbs of the senses</li>
</ol>
<ul>
<li>feel - hear</li>
<li>see - smeel</li>
<li>touch</li>
</ul>
<ol start="4">
<li>other</li>
</ol>
<ul>
<li>belong - depend on - weigh</li>
<li>have or possess - fit</li>
<li>mean - measure - want</li>
<li>need - own - seem</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>END - WARNING</strong></p>
<ol>
<li>Verbs in the <strong>continuous aspect</strong> describe <strong>incomplete, or in progress, or temporary and of limited duration actions</strong> that are at a specific time.</li>
</ol>
<p><strong>Present Continuous</strong></p>
<blockquote>
<p>The number of sea gypsies is declining<br>
I’m having a meeting at the moment<br>
I’m going out a lot at the moment (something that it was not common in me)</p>
<blockquote>
<p><strong>Compare with:</strong> I go out a lot (It is a habit)</p>
</blockquote>
</blockquote>
<p><strong>Past Continuous</strong></p>
<blockquote>
<p>Ten years ago, 2.500 molen were leading this way of life<br>
Last year I was living in Madri<br>
They were studying in silence when one of their cell phones rang</p>
</blockquote>
<p><strong>Present Perfect Continuous</strong></p>
<blockquote>
<p>Outsiders haven been exploiting the moken for years</p>
</blockquote>
<p><strong>Past Perfect Continuous</strong></p>
<blockquote>
<p>I had been researching their way of life for many years before this</p>
</blockquote>
<p><strong>Future Continuous</strong></p>
<blockquote>
<p>I hope they will still be living here in ten years’ time<br>
This time tomorrow we will be relaxing by the pool</p>
</blockquote>
<ol start="2">
<li>Use continuous aspect to describe repeated actions</li>
</ol>
<p><strong>Past Continuous</strong></p>
<blockquote>
<p>She was knocking on the door</p>
</blockquote>
<p><strong>Past Perfect Continuous</strong></p>
<blockquote>
<p>He has not been eaing much recently</p>
</blockquote>
<ul>
<li><strong>Compare with:</strong> He has not eaten much (Past Perfect)</li>
</ul>
<ol start="3">
<li>Use continuous aspect to make <strong>questions</strong>, <strong>requests and statments less direct</strong></li>
</ol>
<p><strong>Past Continuous</strong></p>
<blockquote>
<p>I was wondering if you could help me</p>
</blockquote>
<p><strong>Future Continuous</strong></p>
<blockquote>
<p>Will you be going anywhere near a post office</p>
</blockquote>
<ol start="4">
<li>Use <strong>Present Continuous</strong> to talk about trends and changing situations</li>
</ol>
<blockquote>
<p>The business is expanding<br>
Pollution is getting worse</p>
</blockquote>
<ol start="5">
<li>Use <strong>Future Continuous</strong> to talk about what we expect people to be doing now.</li>
</ol>
<blockquote>
<p>I won’t ring her now. She will be having her dinner</p>
</blockquote>
<ol start="6">
<li>Use continuous aspect to emphasize that an action lasts for some time</li>
</ol>
<blockquote>
<p>I have been waiting for my price charming for a very long time</p>
</blockquote>
<h2 id="reference">Reference</h2>
<p><a href="https://www.slideshare.net/DLazcano1/the-continuous-and-perfect-aspects">DLazcano1 - the-continuous-and-perfect-aspects</a></p>

