


blow sb away - to surprise or please someone very much:
> The ending will blow you away

[E] be blown away - To be thoroughly impressed, overwhelmed, or excited by something
> I was blown away

thrust - to push suddenly and strongly
>She thrust the money into his hand.
>They thrust a microphone in front of me and fired questions at me.
>She thrust the papers at me (= towards me).

[E] to go even further beyond
> And this is to go even futher beyond .. ahhhhh
> \- Goku

leving confort zone < getting out confort zone

boom time for - a period in which there is a large increase in demand for something

boom or bust - describe experiences by taking a risk

[e] be at the crossroads - to be at a stage in your life when you have to make a very important decision
> After  earning  my  degree,  I'm  at  a  crossroads.  I  need  to  figure  out  which  direction  my  life  should  take.
> As  a  company,  we're  at  a  crossroads.  We  can  continue  business  as  usual,  or  we  can  take  a  risk  and  try  to  grow.
cunning

etch - to cut lines on a metal plate, piece of glass, stone etc to form a picture or words
> A laser is used to etch a pattern in the smooth surface of the disc.
> He etched his name on a piece of glass.

[E] etch with something -  if someone’s face is etched with pain, sadness etc, you can see these feelings from their expression
>  Her face was etched with tiredness.
> Craig saw lines of pain etched around her mouth.

hound - to chase someone or to refuse to leave someone alone, especially because you want to get som
ething from them
> The reporters wouldn't stop hounding her.

amongst - in the middle of or surrounded by other things:
> Rescue teams searched amongst the wreckage for survivors

[G]scarcely (~hardly) - almost not or almost none at all 
> It was getting dark and she could scarcely see in front of her.
> The country had scarcely any industry.

chase (+ after, + along/down/up) - to quickly follow someone or something in order to catch them
> The dogs saw him running and chased him.
>  A gang of boys chased **after** her, calling her names.
>  The police chased the suspect **along** Severn Avenue.
>  Top graduates from the university are chased by major companies.

I might add/say -  used to emphasize what you are saying
> something you have repeatedly failed todo, I might add
> Very expensive method too I might add.

[G]wretched - unpleasant or of low quality | very ill or very unhappy
> a wretched childhood
> The people live in wretched conditions, with no running water.
> the poor, wretched girl

[N]thrive - to become very successful or very strong and healthy
>  plants that thrive in tropical rain forests
> a business which managed to thrive during a recession

[G][R]lure - o persuade someone to do something, especially something wrong or dangerous, by making it seem attractive or exciting
> the lure of fame/power/money
> Computer games are luring youngsters away from their lessons.
>  People may be lured into buying tickets by clever advertising.

ash

wreckage

chasm

I assure you

emboldened

livelihood - the way you earn the money you need to pay for food, a place to live, clothing, etc.:
> They earn their livelihood from farming.
> Many ship workers could lose their livelihoods because of falling orders for new ships.

[E] bread and butter - a job or activity that provides you with the money you need to live:
> Gardening is my bread and butter right now.

ought - used to say that it is necessary or desirable to perform the action expressed in the verb:
> We ought to clean up before we go home.
> She really ought to apologize.

falter - to lose strength or purpose and stop, or almost stop:
> The dinner party conversation faltered for a moment.
> Her friends never faltered in their belief in her.
> Nickie's voice faltered and he stopped speaking.

bummer - a situation or event that is unpleasant or disappointing:
> Waiting all day at the airport is a real bummer.

rid - to remove or throw away something unwanted:
> That cream got rid of my skin rash.
> I used weedkiller to get rid of the weeds in the garden.
> If you want to follow the budism path, you must rid yourself of desires

potty - silly or slightly crazy
> She must have been potty to sell that car so cheaply.
> I'd go potty if I had to work here all the time.

haphazard - not having an obvious order or plan
> He tackled the problem in a typically haphazard manner

imbue something/someone with something - to fill something or someone with a quality or feeling
> Her poetry was imbued with a love of the outdoors.	
