
# 09210923 - week 4
## Homework
- [ ] e-Campus Lesson 2 
	- TODO
- [ ] e-Campus Lesson 3
	- TODO
- [ ] Workbook
	- [X] 5D
- [X] G Platform


## Online Questions
- Would you like to live in Patagonia for a period of time? Why (not)?
I would like to keep Patagonia as a possible travel destination when it comes to traveling to exotic places.

## Vocaculary

[G][FN][R] out of the blue - If something happens out of the blue, it is completely unexpected
- One day, out of the blue, she announced that she was leaving.

[G][FN] as though ~~ as if
- You look as though you have been running a marathon

[G][FN][R] entails -  to involve something as a necessary part or result
- A new computer system entails a lot of re-training.
- The job entailed being on call twenty-four hours a day.
- My job basically entails keeping track of and analysing consumer data

mainstream - the way of life or set of beliefs accepted by most people
- The new law should allow more disabled people to enter the mainstream of American life.
- Yet for all that linguistic diversity, mainstream American culture remains decidedly monolingual. 

[E] fundamental building blocks
- Language is one of the fundamental building blocks of a country. 

[N][FN][R] welcoming -  friendly or making you feel welcome
- She gave everyone a welcoming smile.

appreciative - showing that you understand how good something is, or are grateful for something
- It's nice to have an appreciative audience.
- I'm very appreciative of all the support you've given me.
- She was appreciative of Greg’s concern for her health.
-  I'm very pleased and appreciative of the support and kindness you have given me.

remarkable to
- The stunning beaches made the trip even more remarkable to all of us. 

pilgrim - a person who takes a journey

tie - to relate to or connect to
- Is the allergy tied to dairy products, for example?
- Can you tie his behaviour up with anything that's happened recently?

paltry - very small and of little or no value
- She made some paltry excuse and left
- The research in this area has been paltry and weak

endeavour - to try to do something (verb) | an attempt to do something (noun)
- Engineers are endeavouring to locate the source of the problem
- Crossing the North Pole on foot was an amazing feat of human endeavour.
 
back and forth - moving first in one direction and then in the opposite one
- We travel back and forth all the time between Canada and England.
-  He was pacing back and forth.

sly - some one who is sly cleverly deceives people in order to get what they want
- Eliot looked sly and deceitful, as though he wasn't telling us the whole truth.

treacherous - Deceitful; inclined to betray | Unreliable; dangerous
- treacherous mountain roads
- a sly and treacherous woman

forecast - a description of what is likely to happen in the future, based on the information that you have now
- The weather forecast is good for tomorrow

uphill/downhill - owards the top/bottom of a hill 
- I was going downhill and my brakes failed.
- The tractor drove along the muddy track and into the field, but couldn’t go uphill as the ascent was steep and difficult

steep -  a road, hill etc that is steep slopes at a high angle
-  The road became rocky and steep

steep - involving a big increase or decrease
- Steep cuts in benefits 
- a steep increase in house prices
- a steep drop in orders


- I don’t think **I’d been that** positively surprised about anything before.

- So, I’m a recent graduate from university, and I’ve just started a new job at a multinational company. My job basically entails keeping track of and analysing consumer data, and then using those to help the marketing department increase sales.

## Grammar 
When there is more than one auxiliary, we can use one or more auxiliary when we respond. 
- 'It would have been better to come here out of season.’
- ‘Yes, it would / would have / would have been.’
