## Homework
- [ ] e-Campus Lesson
	- TODO
- [ ] Workbook
	-  TODO
- [ ] G Platform
	- TODO

wind-up - to find yourself in an unexpected and usually unpleasant situation, especially as a result of what you do
- If he keeps doing stuff like that he's going to wind up in prison!
- You caused a lot of damage to your body recently by engaging in illegal street fights. You will wind-up with several serious sequelae if you continue with this

affair - a sexual relationship, especially a secret one
- She's having an affair with a married man.

telltale signs - telltale signs of something are obvious signs that it exists or it has happeneda | allowing a secret to become known
- She found lipstick on his shirts - the telltale sign that he was having an affair.

ill will - bad feelings between people because of things that happened in the past

**bear  sb  ill will** - to be angry with someone because of something they have done
- I bear him no ill will.

wishy-washy - having no colour, firm ideas, principles, or noticeable qualities of any type
- The candidate gave a few unsatisfactory wishy-washy answers.
-  ‘It’s OK’ is a rather wishy-washy answer. Try something more elaborate, please. 

nitty-gritty - the basic facts of a situation
- Let's get down to the nitty-gritty - how much will it cost?

- There is now a fashion for putting collections of cartoons into book form.
- We have seen an increase in the number of new comic books being released. 
- Sneezing and feeling hot and cold are tell-tale symptoms of the flu. 

give the story away - to tell people something secret, often without intending to

[E] I would be most obliged

heated discussion/debate ~~ childsh discussion/debate

left wing -> democratics
right wing -> republicans

[E] nobody has seen her since
- She dissapered 8 years ago, and nobody has seen her since

[G][FN[R] watch over sb - to protect someone and make certain that they are safe
- The president has several body-guard watching over him every moment.
- I will watch over you while we wait for help
- I will watch over this Temple and be ready to hear all the prayers that are offered here
- There must be an angel watching over me to day.

clench - hold something very tightly | to hold something tightly, or press together your lips or your hands in anger or determination
- With a knife clenched in/between his teeth, he climbed up the tree to cut some coconuts.
- The old man clenched his fist and waved it angrily at us.

hold back - to not speak or state an opinion
- I held back during the meeting because I knew that my opinions were too controversial.
- I could not hold back my thoughs in that moment, he was saying bad things about my brother

urge - a strong wish, especially one that is difficult or impossible to control
- She seem unable to control her sexual urge
- When someone talks about Jojo's bizarre adventure, I can never hold back the urge to join the conversation

stifle - to (cause to) be unable to breathe because you have no air
- I almost stifled because my head got stuck in the space between the washing machine and the wall. I was trying to remove the clothes that fell there.


## Grammar 

### Nominalization

1️⃣ Candidates **insulted** each other. 
- Candidate exchange insults .

2️⃣ Most American citizens watched the debate to **be aware** of the candidates political views.
- Most American citizens watched the debate to have awareness of the candidates political views
- Most American citizens watched the debate to increase awareness of the candidates political views

3️⃣ The American population **is concerned** with major social issues going on in the USA.
-  The American population showed concern for major social issues going on in the USA.

