
# 10051007 - week 6
## Homework
- [ ] e-Campus Lesson
- [X] Workbook
- [X] G Platform

## Vocabulary
- hardly ever
- melting hot
- stuffy

ravages - the damage caused by disease, time, war, etc
- The ravages of the fire showed in the splintered woodwork and blistered paint.
- Being a sedentary person can make several harm/ravages to your body

reassure - to comfort someone and stop them from worrying

bold - not frightned

edgy - nervous
- I was felling a little edgy about the whole thing
- She is getting so edgy, she might scream at her boss

hard-hitting -  Including a strong critcism | A speech or piece of writing that is hard-hitting includes strong criticism of something
- Nike made a hard-hitting campaing about sedentarism

groundbreaking - big change | If something is groundbreaking, it is very new and a big change from other things of its type
- His latest movie is good, but is not groundbreaking like the others he had participated in

seek to - try attempt

draw up something - to prepare something in writing, esp. plans or a formal document
- The lawyers drew up a contract over the weekend.

lapping - to go past someone in a race who has been round the track one less time than you
- I'm slow but I'm lapping everyone on the couch 

[E] I was angry at myself

proofread

[S] they showed the taboos being broken

nurture - o help a plan, idea, feeling etc to develop | to feed and take care of a child or a plat while it is growing
- Plants nurtured in the greenhouse
- In the 80s, the talk was all about developing, nurturing, and growing.
- I've been nurturing that little thought for a long time. Now that I am willing and I have courage I will organize my trip around the world.

affair - an event: | a situation or subject that is being dealt with or considered
- The party turned out to be a quiet affair.

low key - simple and not attracting attention
- The wedding will be a low-key affair, with fewer than thirty guests.
- Travelers of this category are low key individuals. 

play by the rules/play by your own rules

in need of - someone who is in need of something must or should have it
- They are in need of help
- **They are in need of some time away** to recharge somewhere they’ll be pampered and taken care of. 

thrive - to became very successful or very strong and healthy
- a business which managed to thrive during a recessiona business which managed to thrive during a recession.

have a penchant - a liking for, an enjoyment of, or a habit of doing something.
- a penchant for melodrama/skiing/exotic clothes
- He has a penchant for things that are mysterious

a load/weight off sb mind - an occasion when a problem that has been worrying you stops or is dealt with
- I'm so relieved that I don't have to make a speech - it's such **a weight off my mind**!

leaning - a tendency to prefer or agree with a particular set of beliefs, opinions etc 
- his radical political leanings
- My wife has a leaning towards the Right

infuse (with) - to fill someone or something with an emotion or quality
- The pulling down of the Berlin Wall infused the world with optimism.
- Her books are infused with humour and wisdom.
- This campaing is infused with strong criticism against dictatorship 
- This campaign is infused with strong criticisms of the dictatorship

strong-willed - (of a person) determined to do what is wanted, even if other people disagree or disapprove
- She's very strong-willed and if she's decided to drop out of school, nothing will stop her.
- a strong-willed child

heavy-going book - difficult to read or understand
- I liked the movie, despite the fact that the book was rather hevy-going

[E] way to go - used to tell someone that they have done something very well or achieved something special
- I heard you girls won the contest. Way to go!
- He fixed the engine in three hours! Way to go! 

depict - to describe something or someone in writing or speech, or to show them in a painting, picture etc
- A book depicting life in pre-revolutionary russia
- The god is depicted as a bird with a human head.
- The older people depicted in the ad were all volunteers who took part in the survey

## Grammar
### Phrasal Verbs

- **come across** - The way other people see you
	- we can come across as rude when we don't leave our shoes at the entrance to some cultures
- **came up** - to be mentioned or talked about in conversation | to move towards someone
	- What points came up at the meeting? 
	- A young girl came up to me and asked for money.
- join in - to become involved in an activity with other people
	- We're going to play football- do you want to JOIN IN?
	- They were playing video-game and asked us to JOIN IN the game. 
- get over -  recover from something
	- It took me ages to get over the bout of flu
- get over - solve, find a solution  
	- It took me a long time to get over this problem with the problematic transactions
- get over -  Communicate, make people understand | succeed in communicating ideas or information to other people
	- He makes jokes to help GET his message OVER.
	- It’s important that we GET this message OVER to young people.
- get over with -  Do something unpleasant that has to be done rather than delaying it any more
	- I GOT the test OVER WITH rather than have to worry about it any longer.
	- I’ll be in touch once I’ve GOT my exams OVER WITH 
	- I can’t wait to GOT the interview OVER WITH 

#### Intransitive Phrasal verbs

#### Separable phrasal verbs

#### Inseparable phrasal verbs

#### Three-part phrasal verbs

#### Three-part phrasal verbs with two objects


