# 10191021 - week 8
## Homework
- [ ] e-Campus Lesson
	- TODO	- TODO
- [ ] Workbook
	-  TODO
- [X] G Platform

## Vocabulary 
[E]Steady and Strong

wrinkled - (of skin) having small lines because of old age 
- a wrinkled face
- wrinkle free skin without any cream
- anti-aging wrinkle cream

fine lines ~ wrinkled

no wonder - it is not surprising
- **No wonder** the children are excited - this is the first time they've been abroad.
- "If brutal killers like these two are at work, it is no wonder that so many Iraqis have fled," he said.

[E] beauty is in the eye of the beholder - beauty cannot be judged objectively, for what one person finds beautiful or admirable may not appeal to another.

shallow - not showing serious or careful thought
- I though the film was pretty shallow
- He's physically attractive, but shallow

not on purpose ~ unintended ~ unintentional

meantime - during the time before something happens or before a specified period ends
- The new computers won't arrive until next week, but we can keep using the old ones in the meantime.

meantime - while something else is being done or was being done
- She spent four years studying for her law degree. In the meantime, she continued to work at the bank.

[E]  The more, the merrier. - . It means an activity is more enjoyable with more people. It can also mean a greater amount of something is better.
- The more (there are), the merrier (it is).

[E] late thirties and early forties

procedures/ surgeries - 
- See 10 New Non-Surgical Beauty Procedures Here!!

burst - to feel a strong emotion, or strong wish to do something
- I knew they were bursting with curiosity but I said nothing.
- Tom was bursting to tell everyone the news.

lose face - to become less respected by others
- He couldn't admit he was wrong. He didn't want to lose face in front of the boss

a long face - if you have a long face, you look ssad
- "Why do you have such a long face?" "My boyfriend doesn't want to see me any more.

put on a brave face - to behave as if a problem is not important or does not worry you
- I'm sure she was disapointed not be picked for the team, but she put a brave face on it

take sth at face value - accept or get something for what something appears to be | to accept something as it appears to be rather than studying it more closely.
- I took the offer at face value. I didn't think they might be trying to trick me.
- I took her offer of help at face value. I don't think she had any hidden motive.

keeping a straight face - to manage to stop yourself from smiling or laughing
- She tried to keep a straight face but, unable to contain herself, burst into laughter.

face the music - to accept criticism or punishment for something you have done
- If she lied to me, then she'll just have to face the music.
- You shoiuld tell her that you scratched her car, because sonner or later you will have to face the music

On the face of it - used when you are describing how a situation seems on the surface
- On the face of it, it seems like a bargain, but I bet there are hidden costs.
- On the face of it, it semms to be a goofd idea, but I woiuld'nt rush into malking a decision.

shaken up - shocked and upset by an unpleasant experience
- She wasn't hurt, but was very shaken up

on the mend - becoming healthy after an illness
- She's still in the hospital, but she's definitely on the mend.
- He cut himself earlier. It was a quite deep cut, but he is on the med now

under the weather - if someone is or feels under the weather, he or she does not feel well
- I'm feeling a little under the weather - I think I'm getting a cold.

run down - tired and not healthy, especially because of working too much
- My doctor said I was looking run-down

threasure (verb) - to take great care of something because you love it or consider it very valuable
- I will always treasure those memories of my dad.

alleyways

enchanting [p]

upland scenery

Dip your toes

Lounge

laid-back

behold

soaring

scenic backdrop

lesser

long run

[E] Why don't ..... **I haven’t thought through all the details yet, but I do think** ...

off the top of [my] head - 
I am just thinking off the top of my head here, but why don't we ask the kids what kind of exercice they want to do?

be/come/get on board - to be or start to be involved in an activity
- Make sure all senior managers are on board and involved in the internet strategy.

coerce - to persuade someone forcefully to do something that they are unwilling to do
- the court heard that the six defendants had been coerced into making a confession

[E] became more likely

compel

[E] raise awareness

[FN][N]infused -
- The images are infused with popular post-feminist texts to empower women watching the campaign on TV. 

[FN][G]reassure - to comfort someone and stop them from worrying
-  I was nervous on my first day at college, but I was reassured to see some friendly faces.
- He reassured me (that) my cheque would arrive soon.

jot - to make a quick note of something
- could you jot your address and phone number in my phone, please ?

## Grammar
### The / The Comparatives
Used for saying that when a particular activity, feeling, etc. increases, it causes something else to change at the same time

1) Used with a verb :
`The + comparative expression  + subject + verb.`
- The more I work, the more tired I am.
- The more I talk, the less you listen.
- The longer they waited, the more anxious they became 

2) Used with an adjective :
`The + adjective in the comparative + subject + verb.`
- The older he grows, the more impatient he becomes. 
- The **higher** you climb, the more dangerous it becomes
- The **less high** you climb,  the less difficult  it will be.
- The stronger the coffee, the better
- The bigger the risk, the greater the reward.
	- Notice this sentence is also in the past tense. Past and present tenses are common in these comparatives.

3) Used with a noun :

- The more chocolate he eats, the **fewer** sweets he will need.
	- 'Chocolate' is an uncountable noun (that you can't count) => **the more + uncountable**.(more  + countable/uncountable = big quantity). On the contrary, 'sweet', is  a **countable** noun. (Sweets can be counted.) therefore, this word MUST BE PRECEDED by **FEW** 

- the fewer + countable
- the less + uncountable

**More examples**
- The less chocolate he eats, the more sweets he will ask for
- The more exercises you do, the fewer mistakes you'll make. 
- The more games our soccer team won, the more attention we got on social media.

### Ever as Suffix for  Wh-words
Ever can be used as a suffix in words like what, who, when, where and which to mean 'it doesn't matter who/where etc.':

- I'll take **whatever** job I'm offered. (= any job, it doesn't matter what)
- **Whoever** told you that is a liar. (= anybody, it doesn't matter who)
- You can call in **whenever** you like. (= any time, it doesn't matter when)
- I'll follow you **wherever** you go. (= any place, it doesn't matter where)
- **Whichever** bus you take from this bus stop will take you home. (= any bus, it doesn't matter which)
- you can choose whichever package suits you best

#### How + ever == in whatever way:

Ever can also be added to how with a similar meaning:

- However you pay, in cash, by debit card or by credit card, you'll get a 10% discount. (= it doesn't matter how)
- There is something here to execite you, however adventures you are 
- There is no pressure - you can spend your time however you want
- However fast you walk, you'll never get to work on time. (= it doesn't matter how fast)
- However you look at it, it's still a mess.
- You can do it however you like, it really doesn't matter


## References
- [como-dizer-conviver-em-ingles - EnglishExperts](https://www.englishexperts.com.br/forum/como-dizer-conviver-em-ingles-t5567.html)
- [Everyday grammar - The /The Comparatives - VOA Learning English](https://learningenglish.voanews.com/a/the-more-i-practice-the-more-i-remember/4995040.html)


