# 10261028 - week 9
## Homework
- [ ] e-Campus Lesson
	- TODO	- TODO
- [ ] Workbook
	-  TODO
- [ ] G Platform
	- TODO

## Vocabulary
grant - to accept that something is true, often before expressing an opposite opinion
- I grant that it must have been upsetting but even so I think she overreacted.
- I grant you (= it is true that), it's a difficult situation but I feel sure he could have handled it more sensitively.


bottleneck - a place where a road becomes narrow, or a place where there is often a lot of traffic, causing the traffic to slow down or stop
- The construction work is causing bottlenecks in the city centre.
 
bottleneck - a problem that delays progress
- Is there any way of getting around this bureaucratic bottleneck?

wig - to suddenly realize something
- Then he twigged what I meant.
- She's six months pregnant, and he still hasn't twigged.

glimpse - an occasion when you see something or someone for a very short time
- I only caught (= had) a fleeting glimpse of the driver of the getaway car, but I know I would recognize her if I saw her again.

glimpse - a quick idea or understanding of what something is like 
- This biography offers a few glimpses of his life before he became famous.

bloke - a man, often one who is considered to be ordinary
- Paul's a really good bloke (= I like him a lot).
- He's a funny (sort of) bloke (= slightly strange).

bang out - To bang out something is to do something quickly
- I sat down at the piano and banged out a tune.

Bang out of order - If someone does something that is extremely unfair, or says something thats offensive or hurtful
- Betsy: He called me a whore! Lisa : That's bang out of order...

steep - rising or falling at a sharp angle 
- a steep slope
- It's a steep climb to the top of the mountain, but the view is worth it.
- The castle is set on a steep hill/hillside.

handsomely - very well or to a great degree
- Augusto said if his results were good, he would reward himself handsomely
- Their strategy paid off handsomely
- Some employees will be more handsomely rewarded than others

signalled - to make a movement, sound, flash, etc. that gives information or tells people what to do
- the children's mother signalled them to be quiet
-  In addition to being an era of new technological invention, the Industrial Revolution also signalled a move away from feudalism. 

After hesitating for a moment, Demaratus answered, **as** everyone in the public square listened attentively.

## Grammar

### Linking Words
Linking words help you to connect ideas and sentences. Linking words can be used to give examples, add information, summarise, sequence information, give a reason or result, or to contrast ideas.


Pag 2
Xerxes had invaded Greece to get revenge for his father's defeat at the battle of Marathon.

Herodotus considered the father of history was a writer who documented various events in his scriptures. He was the first to try to explain how and way something happened in the past instead of just recording the event as if it were the will of the gods

The main characteristic of Herodotus' writing style is his concern to write things in a deeper and more rational way. To do that, he started to look at events from both sides to understand the reasons for them.

His message tells that the Greeks never flee in battle, they stand firm and conquer or die

He will amassed an army of approximately 200.000 men to fight against the Greeks
