# 11091111 - week 11
## Homework
- [ ] e-Campus Lesson
	- TODO	- TODO
- [ ] Workbook
	-  TODO
- [ ] G Platform
	- TODO
## Vocabulary 

I've been spreading myself too thin

furlough

jinxed - having or 

notoriety

outlaw

feat -

undergo 

ill-fated

to have bragging rights

feat # feast

wayward - behaving badly, in a way that is difficult to control
- He was a wayward kid.
- A wayward ball bounced into the yard.

bouncing - healthy and energetic 
- we've got two grandchildren - a three year old girl and a bouncing baby boy

haphazard - not having an obvious order or plan
- he tackled the problem in a typically haphazard manner

conspicuous - very noticeable or attracting attention, often in a way that is not wanted
- In China, her blonde was conspicuous
- He tried not to look conspicuous and moved slowly along the back of the room.

broad-brush - describing or considering something or someone in a very general way, without paying attention to small details
- the analysis takes a very broad-brush approach to the question of regional inequalities,


- would like you to come to dinner one evening?
- I'm sorry to hear that

trip - an occasion when you knock your foot against something and fall or lose your balance, or someone causes you to do this, when you are walking or running
- She broke her ankle when she had a nasty trip on the stairs.

stub - to hurt your toe by hitting it against a hard object by accident
- As I was walking down the stairs, I tripped and stubbed my toe. 

stub - the short end which is left after the main part of something has been used or removed, as of a pencil
- I put the ticket stubs in my pocket after we went into the theater.

bruise (noun) - an injury or mark where the skin has not been broken but is darker in colour, often as a result of being hit by something
- His arms and back were covered in bruises.
- She had a few cuts and bruises but nothing serious.
- One or two of the peaches had bruises on them.

bruised (adj) - having bruises
- a bruised shoulder/knee/elbow
- She was badly bruised but otherwise unhurt.

bruised (adj) - emotionally hurt as a result of a bad experience
- Divorce generally leaves both partners feeling bruised.

chip - a small piece that has been broken off a larger object
- Miranda chipped a tooth and had to go to the dentist to get it fixed.


graze (noun) - an injury on the surface of your skin caused by rubbing it against something rough
- Her legs were covered with cuts and grazes.

graze {raspar} - to touch and rub against something while passing it, causing slight damage
- The bullet only grazed his leg.

pull - to injure a muscle by stretching it too much
- I pulled a muscle in my back lifting some drawers.
- He pulled a hamstring.
- Paul pulled a muscle trying to lift the freezer.

strain - an injury to a muscle or similar soft part of the body caused by using that part too much
- Don’t lift that sofa by yourself – you’ll strain your back. *

I look out the window and see clouds **threatening to block out** the sun, but the sky isn’t remarkable in any way.

[E][N][FN] crack me up - when someone says something funny and you start laughing uncontrollably you say "YOU CRACK ME UP!"

we grasped your message























