# 11091111 - week 11
## Homework
- [ ] e-Campus Lesson
	- TODO	- TODO
- [ ] Workbook
	-  TODO
- [ ] G Platform
	- TODO
	- Number 3 of Session 3

struck gold -  to do something that makes you a lot of money | be very successful in an undertaking or enterprise.
- I had a feeling nothing was going my way when I finally struck gold with an idea for a new product for my company.

the final/last straw - the last in a series of unpleasant events that finally makes you feel that you cannot continue to accept a bad situation
- I blew my chance to get a promotion when I arrived late for an important meeting. That was the last straw, and my manager said that it would not be tolerated. 
- She's always been rude to me, but it was the last straw when she started insulting my mother.

hit the jackpot - t o suddenly get or win a lot of money | to succeed
- I really hit the jackpot when I decided to go to that party. It was there that I met the person that would change my life forever.

miss the boat - to lose an opportunity to do something by being slow to act
- There were tickets available for the conference last week, but he missed the boat by waiting till today to buy them. 

insofar as - to the degree that ****************************** review
- And insofar as the objects found have great historical value, we could say we struck gold.
- She had done her best to comfort him, insofar as she was able.

harsh view - unpleasant, unkind, cruel, or more severe than is necessary
- Having said that, it does seem a pretty harsh view of human nature.

get a break -  To obtain or receive a fortuitous and beneficial opportunity.
-  finally got a break when a big Hollywood producer asked me to audition for a part in the movie.
- You get your break when you changed job

Insofar as - o the degree that
- And insofar as the objects have great historical value, we could say we struck gold
- She had done her best to comfort him, insofar as she was able.
- The research suggests that the drug will be successful, in so far as one can draw conclusions from such a small sample size.

Compared to children today, I imagine children then didn't have much of a childhood.

**As far as** historians are concerned, that is the accepted view of it.

Considering people had much shorter lives, you can understand why children were made to work.

**assuming that** these are all medieval toys... they paint a different picture of childhood.

**having said that**, it does seem to be a preatty harsh view of human nature.




-----
BURDEN

shipwreck

Gunpowder

smoothly - without problems or difficulties.
- everything seemed to be going smoothly


four months or so later/earlier
