# 11091111 - week 11
## Homework
- [ ] e-Campus Lesson
	- TODO	- TODO
- [ ] Workbook
	-  TODO
- [ ] G Platform
	- TODO

## Vocabulary

burden - something difficult or unpleasant that you have to deal with or worry about

shipwreck - an accident in which a ship is destroyed or sunk at sea, especially by hitting rocks, or a ship that has been destroyed or sunk in such an accident
- The danger of shipwreck is much greater in fog.
- There have been many shipwrecks along this dangerous stretch of coastline.

stretch - to cause something to reach, often as far as possible, in a particular direction
- I tripped on a piece of wire that someone had stretched across the path.
- She stretched out her hand and helped him from his chair.

powder - a loose, dry substance that consists of extremely small pieces, usually made by breaking something up and crushing it
- curry/chilli powder
- A packet of white powder was found and police scientists are analysing it.
- You can buy milk in powder form.

gunpowder - an explosive mixture of substances in the form of a powder, used for making explosive devices and fireworks

smoothly - without problems or difficulties.
- everything seemed to be going smoothly

four months or so later/earlier

breeze [~ do easily] - to easily complete or win something
- She breezed through the song as though she'd been singing it for years.
- He breezed to victory with 78 percent of the vote.
- The entrance exam turned out to be a breeze.

[N][FN][R] encompasses - to include different types of things
- The festival is to encompass everything from music, theatre, and ballet to literature, cinema, and the visual arts.
- The plan encompasses repaving the street and planting 40 new trees.
  
[N][FN][R] ease - to make or become less severe, difficult, unpleasant, painful
- To ease the problem of overcrowding, new prisons will be built.
- These pills should ease the pain.  
- New measures have been introduced to ease traffic congestion in the city.
  
out-of-the-box - if something can be used out of the box, it can be used immediately, without a lot of effort being needed to prepare it
- These solutions work straight out of the box.
- an out-of-the-box training program
  
plethora - a very large amount of something, especially a larger amount than you need, want, or can deal with
- There's a plethora of books about the royal family.
- The plethora of regulations is both contradictory and confusing.

### Prefacing a Question
- if I understood correctly, you said that ...
- I'd just like to make sure I understood what you said about....
- I'd like to pick up on one thing you said about ....
- You mentioned ....
- Perhaps I missed something, but ....

### Seeking clarification
Am I right in thinking that ...
Can you expand a bit more on that?
...., is that what you're saying?
Can you explain what you meant by ....

