# 11301202 - week 14
## Homework
- [ ] e-Campus Lesson
	- TODO	- TODO
- [ ] Workbook
	-  TODO
- [ ] G Platform
	- TODO

## Vocabulary
the lesser of two evils {menos mal} - the less unpleasant of two choices, neither of which is good
- But allowing a criminal to go free is perhaps the lesser of two evils if the alternative is imprisoning an innocent person.
-  I chose my aunt's house as the lesser of two evils.

the lesser evil - The lesser of two evils principle, also known simply as the lesser evil, is the idea that of two bad choices, one isn't as bad as the other.

**[E] {menos mal}** 
```
A: Matt was run over by a car.  
B: Oh! Is he dead?!?  
A: No, just hurt in the legs.
B: "That´s not as bad as it could have been." (tão mal)  OR "It could have been worse." (pior)
```

create a buzz
- promote an idea
- communicating the idea to a big number of people

seamlessly - without any sudden changes, interruptions, or problems
- It's a children's film that seamlessly combines live action with computer-generated creatures.
- The two men move back and forth seamlessly between English and Mandarin.

steady	- not moving or changing suddenly
- I'll hold the boat steady while you climb in.
- Most rental prices have held steady this year.
- Progress has been slow but steady.

amalgamation - the process in which separate organizations unite to form a larger organization or group, or an organization or group formed in this way
- The company began as an amalgamation of small family firms.	

urge - a strong wish, especially one that is difficult or impossible to control
- The urge to steal is very strong in some of these young men.
- I can never resist the urge to laugh.
- I had a sudden urge to slap him in the face.
- When someone talks about Jojo's bizarre adventure, I can never hold back the urge to join the conversation

daft - silly or stupid
- Don't be daft - let me pay - you paid last time
- It was a pretty daft idea anyway
- Look at that daft cat - she is chasing her tail

bugger - a silly or annoying person
- Well you shouldn't have drunk so much, should you, you daft bugger!
- The stupid bugger's given me the wrong ticket!

bugger - used to or about someone that you feel sympathy for
- The poor bugger has nowhere else to sleep.

bugger [exclamation] -  used to express anger
Oh bugger, It's raining

constrain - to control and limit something
- The country's progress was constrained by a leader who refused to look foward

account (to sb) for sth - to explain the reason for something or the cause of something
- Can you account for your abscence last friday?
- She was unable to account for over $5000 (= She could not explain where the money was)
- Can you account for your movements on that night?
- Recent pressure at work may account for his behavior (explain)

ponder 
- A: Imagine checo race without the lap 1 crash
- B: Well we don't know so let's not ponder around about that

rectify -  to correct something or make something right
- Every effort is made to rectify any errors/mistakes before the book is printed.
- I am determined to take whatever action is necessary to rectify the situation.
- **I hadn’t meant to cause trouble, and asked what I could do to rectify the situation.**
- How do we rectify the alarming fall in stock market performance?

endearing {adorable} - making someone like you
- I'm not about to call it cute, but it's kinda endearing how it probes around for surface [talking about a Brachypelma annitha]
- he laughs at herself a lot, which is always endearing.

endearingly {adverb} - **In a way** that makes someone like you
- He was endearingly funny.

[E] Have you ever locked yourself `<situation>`
- Have you ever locked yourself out of home and had to try to break in? 

term - the fixed period of time that something last for
- he served a short term for drunk driving
- It was the best thing she could do, because we became best friends during that term. 

break in 
- Have you ever locked yourself out of home and had to try to break in? 

break a habit
- a new drug which helps smokers to break their habit

break the news - to tell someone about something bad that has just happened and may have an effect on them
- The manager called everyone and broke the news about the company closing. It got everyone by surprise. 

break the mould - to be new and different
- They're hoping that their new social networking site will really break the mould and become an example to everyone.

 break the bank
 -  You really should buy a new pair of shoes. It won’t break the bank, and the situation of these shoes is miserable. 

break the back of something - to get most or the worst part of a particular task done
-  It’s a very big job but I think we’ve broken the back of it now

break even - to have no profit or loss at the end of a business activity
- We didn’t make a profit but I think at least we broke even, so now we can think of plans for the future. 

 like those who
 - They cannot defend themselves and defend their own information from hackers **like those who** attended the conference

[E] What are most hackers not? They are not young ‘geeks’ involved in illegal activities, or criminals.
