

# Upper 3 - 00/02/2020

## Vocabulary and Expressions 
succeed - If you succeed, you achieve something that you have been aiming for, and if a plan or piece of work succeeds, it has the results that you wanted
> She's been trying to pass her driving test for six years and she's finally succeeded.

Pesticides

Peel

Steam

Soak

Boil

Melt

Squeeze

Slice

Fry

Chop

Sprinkle

Crush

Blend

-- Food

Peaches

Courgette

Chickpeas

Parsley

napkin {guardanapo} - a square piece of cloth or paper used for protecting your clothes and for cleaning your hands and lips during a meal
> Flora put her napkin on the table and left the room.

## Grammar

### Vague Language - 
To show/say that something exact put in the end of nouns **y** and adjectives **ish**.

Also, before adverbs or verbs we can use **kind of**, **sort of** and for nouns use **like**.


**Quantities**: use to talk about an 



### Connectors - Contrast

* Although or Though

* In spite of or Despite 
They are followed by: noun, pronoun, by the fact that or verb (-ing format).

> in spite of the weather, we went to the beach.
> Despite the fact that he knew it was dangerous, he jumped

* While or whereas
Use to constrast two different things.

>The Telma's soon is a software engineer, whereas her daughter is a doctor

* However or nevertheless
Use this words to introduce contrast.
> What you said was true. It was, nevertheless, a little unkind.
> They have nevertheless exercised considerable influence over judicial and academic thought.
>  But the pain is nevertheless real.

