
# Upper 3 - 28/01/2020

## Vocabulary and Expressions 
succeed - If you succeed, you achieve something that you have been aiming for, and if a plan or piece of work succeeds, it has the results that you wanted
> She's been trying to pass her driving test for six years and she's finally succeeded.

Prior 
> I sent a number of emails prior the trip advising you about the city.

Stated - to express information clearly and carefully:
> It stated on the packaging that you must charger the phone before starting use it.

Misleading - likely to make someone believe something that is not true
>   The article was misleading, and the newspaper has apologized.

Compensation - money that is paid to someone in exchange for something that has been lost or damaged or for some problem
> You should claim/seek compensation.


Refund - an amount of money that is given back to you, especially because you are not happy with a product or service that you have bought
> I took the radio back to the shop and asked for/demanded/got/was given a refund.

Chunk - a part of something, especially a large part
>By working hard He got a substantial chunk of the company profits

[Expression] To make matters worse
> I bought I defected item and**, to make matters worse,** I lost it while I was going to the store to complain.

chartered - rented for a particular purpose
> a small chartered plane

commute - to make the same journey regularly between work and home
>How long do you expend commuting?


## Grammar
### Adjectives ending in ED and ING
An adjective that ends in -**ING** is used to describe: the characteristic of a person, a **thing** or a **situation**.

An adjective that ends in -**ED** is used to describe: a **feeling** (or how a person feels) or an **emotion**. 

> I was shocked by how shocking the accident was last night.
> They were frightened by the frightening roller-coaster ride!
> Your speech was very **inspiring**. I am now **inspired** to do wonderful things with my life.

### Uncountable Nouns
Uncontable nouns have no plural forms and are never used with **a/an**. 
Generally speaking, concepts or abstractions are uncountable [peace, wealth, motivation, happiness]

**Quantifiers used with Uncountable Nouns**
**some**, no, **plenty** of, not much, (not) enough, a good/great deal of, hardly any, (not) any (at all), **little, more, less**
> My hair is getting too  long. I need a haircut

