
# Upper 3 - 27/01/2020

## Vocabulary and Expressions 
succeed - If you succeed, you achieve something that you have been aiming for, and if a plan or piece of work succeeds, it has the results that you wanted
> She's been trying to pass her driving test for six years and she's finally succeeded.

Stiff - not moving or working easily
Gear {marcha do carro}
> It was difficult to change gears. They were very stiff and I couldn't get the fifth at all.

Leak -
> There was a leak in the tank because you could smell Petrol.

Put the brake on
Downhill
> When i put the brake on, they weren't very effective, so going downhill was a bit scary.

Flat tyre
> We got a flat tyre so we had to call the rent place to come and pick us up.

Small print { entre linhas }
> I should have read the small prints in the contract.

Loose

Plenty of room {bastante espaço}
> Advice firms have 'plenty of room' to make a profit.

[Expression] She is **turning 14 years** in april.

come up
> you should come up with questions.

pick up
* pick somebody ↔ up to let someone get into your car, boat etc and take them somewhere
> my mother will pick me up at the station.
*  to collect something from a place
> I’ll pick my things up later.
* to buy something or get it from a shop etc
> I picked up some food on the way home.
* pick yourself up to get up from the ground after you have fallen
>  Carol picked herself up and brushed the dirt off her coat.

small print - text in a formal agreement that is printed smaller than the rest of the text, sometimes in the hope that it will not be noticed
> Don't sign anything until you have read the small print.

stay - a period of time that you spend in a place:
> They plan a short stay at a motel while the house is being painted.

near
> The hotel is near the conference

close
> The appartament is close to the subway station

around
> The event is around the main bus stop of the city

near x nearby
* near - Using near/close would be if you are referencing the speaker/narrator
> I live **near**/close to the bank.
* nearby - Using nearby if you are referencing the other object.
> Could you tell me a **nearby** pharmacy?

stand for
* **not stand for** something is to **not allow something to continue to happen** or someone to do something
> She’s been lying about me, and I won’t stand for it.

* run out -  to use all of something and not have any more left
> they ran out of battery and couldn't call us

*Car vocabulary
windscreen/windshield - {para-brisa}
exaust pipe
bumper
car's hood
rear mirror - {retrovisor}
rear window
gears {marcha}
> I rent a car which gears were so stiff that I could hardly drive 

brake
tyre
flat tyre
> I got a flay tyre while I was driving along Paulista avenue

dent in - {amaçado} a hollow area in the surface of something, usually made by something hitting it
> I stopped my car in front of the supermarket. When I came back I realized that I got a big dent in my car 

along - at a particular place on a road, river, etc
> Somewhere along this road there's a garage.
> I was driving along the road when I saw a big meteor crossing the sky

## Grammar

### Prepositions and Time Periods
* IN <Month>
> My birthday is in January
* ON <Month> <Day>
> It was on may 15st

### Prepositions and Transports
IN <Transport> -> So you can't 'walk' inside the transport
> Katy, where you are? I have wainting you 3 hours in the car, what is going on?

ON <Transport> -> So you can 'walk' inside the transport
> Sorry mom, I'm on the bus now. Can I call you later?


