# Upper 3 - 00/02/2020

## Vocabulary and Expressions 
succeed - If you succeed, you achieve something that you have been aiming for, and if a plan or piece of work succeeds, it has the results that you wanted
> She's been trying to pass her driving test for six years and she's finally succeeded.

Flick
> I was just having a quick flick through

Clean-cut - A clean-cut man is tidy in appearance and behaves well
> Julie's fiancé is a nice clean-cut young man.

[Expression] How shall I put it
> Well, apparently not, it seems - how shall I put it - He blame his wife for what have happened.

Upbringing - The word used to define the education received from the parents in the childhood period
> Is it right to say all the crimes he committed were simply the result of his upbringing?

Live of - to use someone or something to provide the money or food that you need to live.
> All his life he had lived off his father
> They had learned to live off the land (= grow or find their own food).

Knock-down - (of a price) extremely cheap
> They're selling jeans for ridiculous knock-down prices.

idle - Empty, vacant / No turned to appropriate use / without work / without any particular purpose::
> She had no time for idle gossip.
> This is no idle threat.
> Half these factories now stand idle.

gossip - information that is passed from one person to another about other people’s behaviour and private lives, often including unkind or untrue remarks
> What is the lastest gossip?

inner - inside or contained within something else
> You should listen to your inner voice and decide for yourself

bribe - money or a present that you give to someone so that they will do something for you, usually something dishonest
> Most of the brazilian politicians are involved with some kind of bribe
> He was accused of accepting/taking bribes from wealthy businessmen.

chatter - to talk for a long time about things that are not important
> She spent the morning chattering away to her friends

weary - very tired, especially after working hard for a long time
> Here, sit down and rest you are really weary
> He closed his weary eyes and slept

## Grammar

### Past Perfect
* [To describe an active finished before another action - with past simple](#to-describe-an-active-finished-before-another-action---with-past-simple)
* [To describe Cause and effect - with past simple](#to-describe-cause-and-effect---with-past-simple)
* [How long to a point in the past](#how-long-to-a-point-in-the-past)

#### To describe an active finished before another action - with past simple
> Edson had gone out when his order was delivered
> when we arrived the film had already started
> The plane had left by the time I got to the airport.

#### To describe Cause and effect - with past simple
> I got truck in traffic because there had been an accident
> My grade were really bad because I hadn't study enough
> He could not sleep last night because he had slept before

#### How long to a point in the past
> When we graduated, he had been in London for 4 years

#### How Long
 Ask about duration of a state or activity
 
 > A: How long have you worked here ?
 > B: Since 2018, so for about one year.
 
### Past Perfect Continuous
#### Started in the past and continued up to antoher action/time in the past
The past perfect continuous tells us 'how long', just like the present perfect continuous, but this time the action continues up to a point in the past rather than the present. 
> She had been working at that company for a year when she met James.
> I'd been walking for hours when I finally found the house.

#### Something that finished just before another event in the past - Result in the past
> The children had been playing and so the room was a mess!
> I'd been working before I saw you and that's why I was really tired.


### Showing uncertainty
* As I understand it
> As I understand it, She had already finished the task.
* Apparently
> Apparently, He had spent hours thinking about the problems

