

# Upper 3 - 10/02/2020

## Vocabulary and Expressions 
succeed - If you succeed, you achieve something that you have been aiming for, and if a plan or piece of work succeeds, it has the results that you wanted
> She's been trying to pass her driving test for six years and she's finally succeeded.

mind - your thoughts or your ability to think, feel, and imagine things
> Mind your behavior in the next meeting, ok?

look foward - to be excited and pleased about something that is going to happen
> I’m really looking forward to my vacation.

solve x resolve 
resolve - to settle something, effectively to finish it in an **acceptable** way. The conclusion reached may be is not the best, but it concludes the problem, finishing it.
> They resolved a conflict between their soons

solve - The conclusion reached with solving a problem, however, suggests the correct and definite answer has been found.
> After years of research, scientists had solved an important math problem.

reached
>The conclusion **reached** by the managers didn't **please** all the team members.

pleased
>After receiving the gift, she didn't seem pleased.

seem -  to give the effect of being; to be judged to be
>The last few days had seemed like a dream.
>Was a decision made? it seems not/so.

spoiled - A spoiled child is allowed to do or have anything that they want to, usually so that they behave badly and do not show respect to other people
> She is so spoiled. She is constantly getting what she wants

slob - a lazy, untidy, and often rude person
> She is such a slob. She never does any exercise.

## Grammar

### Verbs Followed by Gerunds and Infinitives
In English, if you want to follow a verb with another action, you must use a gerund or infinitive. For example:

>We resumed talking. (gerund – verb + ing)
>I want to see a movie. (infinitive – to + base verb)

## Present Continuous + always/constantly - Habits never stop or have no exceptions
Use the `present Continuous + always/constantly` to emphasise that a habit never stops or has no exeception.
> They are so aggressive. They are always getting into fights
> She is so spoiled. She is constantly getting what she wants

### Common Mistakes
* Don't use present continuous to emphasise habits that never happen
> She is such a slob. She ~~is never doing~~ never does any thing


## Wish and Would - Showing wish to people behave differently
Use `I wish / would(n't) + verb` to show you want people to behave differently.
> I wish he would find out a new job
> I wish the politician wouldn't steal the public money

### wish + he/she was(n't) to Show desire for people's character to be different
> I wish he wasn't so mean.
> I wish he was less strict with me. He is always punishing me and my sister.

### Commomk Mistakes
**Don't use wish + would ** to talk about  **character or appearance**. Instead, use past simple.

