# Upper 3 - 05/02/2020

## Vocabulary and Expressions 
succeed - If you succeed, you achieve something that you have been aiming for, and if a plan or piece of work succeeds, it has the results that you wanted
> She's been trying to pass her driving test for six years and she's finally succeeded.

Vain - He was very vain about his hair and his clothes
> He was very vain about his hair and his clothes

Chimps
> Clay is used for making pots.

clay - heavy soil that is soft when wet, and hard when dry or baked
>

seek sb/sth out - to look for someone or something, especially for a long time until you find him, her, or it
> Our mission is to seek out the enemy and destroy them.
> While he was at the library, Steve decided to seek out some information on the history of the area.
> I going to seek out my mobile phone. I haven't seen it since this morning.

ailment - an illness that is not very serious
> Consultations, mostly for minor ailments, are characteristically brief.
>  The medicine was supposed to cure all kinds of ailments, ranging from colds to back pains.

They work all day **long**

/minor/ ~ mynor


## Grammar

### Other, others, the other or another

#### Other
* **Other** means ‘additional or extra’, or ‘alternative’, or ‘different types of’.

**Other - As Determine**
We can use other with singular **uncountable** nouns and with **plural** nouns.
> Some music calms people; **other** music has the opposite effect
> This one’s too big. Do you have it in **other** sizes? (alternative sizes)

* WARNING - Oher as a determiner does not have a plural form
	> Mandy and Charlotte stayed behind. The  **other**  girls went home.
	>NOT! The ~~others~~ girls

**Other - As Pronoun**
As a pronoun **other** has a plural form --> **Others**
> I’ll attach two photos to this email and I’ll send **others** tomorrow.

* TIP - Other**S** is used when there is already one mention.

#### Another
When we use the indefinite article an before other, we write it as one word: another. Another means ‘one more’ or ‘an additional or extra’, or ‘an alternative or different’.

**Another - As Determiner**
We use another with singular nouns:

>Would like **another** cup of coffee?
> You have met Augusto, but I have **another** brother who you haven't met yet.

**Another - As a Pronoun**
We can use another as a pronoun:

>The applications are examined by one committee, then passed on to **another**.

### Other, others, the other or another: ***Typical Errors***
* When **other** is determiner, it **does not** have **plural form**
	> These boxes are for books. The other boxes are for clothes.
	> NOT: The ~~other**s**~~ boxes

* When **other** as a **pronoun** **refers** to **more than one person or thing**, it takes the **plural** form, **otherS**
	>Some scientists think we should reduce the number of flights to prevent global warming; **otherS** disagree.

* **Other must have a determiner before it when it comes in front of a singular countable noun**. If the noun is indefinite (e.g. a book, a woman, an idea), we use another
	> I have posted the first package. What shall I do with **that** other.
	> After a month in Bolivia, I was ready to move to another country.
		> NOT: to move to other country
	

