

# Upper 3 - 12/02/2020

## Vocabulary and Expressions 
succeed - If you succeed, you achieve something that you have been aiming for, and if a plan or piece of work succeeds, it has the results that you wanted
> She's been trying to pass her driving test for six years and she's finally succeeded.

rash - if you are rash, you do things too quickly, without thinking carefully about whether they are sensible or not 
> Don’t go making any rash decisions about your future!
> It was rather rash of you to lend them your car.

hatred - an extremely strong feeling of dislike
> He's been accused of stirring up racial hatred in the region.

stirring up - to cause an unpleasant emotion or problem to begin or grow
> John was always stirring up trouble in class.
> His relationship with his mother left him with a psychotic hatred of women.

set out - to start an activity with a particular aim
> They set out with the aim of becoming the number one team in the league.

steer - to guide someone’s behaviour or the way a situation develops |  to control the direction a vehicle is going
> He tried to steer the conversation away from himself
> Mentors tend to steer their pupils behavior to educate them

later on in the day
> If you had problems in the morning, why didn't you postpone the meeting to later on in the day?

when it comes down to it {quando se trata disso}
> 

tearing up -  to tear a piece of paper or cloth into small pieces |  tear up an agreement/contract etc to say that you no longer accept an agreement or contract
> Tearing up the price list was simply a symbolic gesture.
> threats to tear up the peace agreement

go over old ground
> After an agument, if you meet the person again, try do not **go over old ground** again. Instead of this, say "sorry" and accept the excuses from the other person.

drift - to move, change, or do something without any plan or purpose
> I just drifted into teaching, really.
> The key is to try and get in touch as quickly as possible rather than letting things drift and making an upsetting incident worse.

owe - to need to pay someone for something that they have done for you or sold to you, or to need to give someone back money that they have lent you
> I owe my brother $50
> I still owe you for the taxi.

overdraft - the amount of money you owe to a bank when you have spent more money than you had in your account
> I need to work overtime because I have to pay an overdraft
> He have set his money aside to pay off a bank overdraft 

charges - to ask an amount of money for something, especially a service or activity;
> How much do you charge for a haircut?
> They have charged me $200 just to me get in the club.

savings - an amount of money that you do not need to spend | the money that you keep in an account in a bank or similar financial organization
> You can make huge savings by avoind taking long baths

set sth aside/set aside - to keep something, especially money, time, or a particular area, for a special purpose
> Try to set aside some money from your salary each month .

budget - the amount of money you/company have available to spend
>The firm has drawn up a budget for the coming financial year.
> The governmet set aside an annual budget of $400 million for the public education.

pay sth off /pay off - to give someone all the money you owe them | if something that was done pays off, it is successful or has a good result
> I hope all this work pays off

pay up - to give someone the money that you owe them, especially when you do not want to
> Eventually they paid up, but only after receiving several reminders

debt -  a sum of money that a person or organization owes
> He had enough money to pay off his outstanding debts.
>  Nearly half the students said they were in debt.
>  A rash business decision left him $600 in debt.

cash flow - the amount of money moving into and out of a business
> Nubank has a strong cash flow

ring sth up/ring up - to record the money that has been paid by a customer by pressing buttons on a cash register
> I'm sorry, I rang up the wrong amount. 
>  The cashier rang up £300 by mistake.

 bail somebody|something out /bail out -  to do something to help someone out of trouble, especially financial problems
> Some local businesses have offered to bail out the museum.
> Clarke’s family paid £500 to bail him out.

mortage - to borrow money to buy a house
> They took out a £40o,000 mortgage (= they borrowed £40o,000) to buy the house

(up) to the hilt
> The government is already borrowing up to the hilt.

wiped out - wiped out
> After that five-mile run I was completely wiped out.

haggling ~ bargain: the act of arguing about the price of something in an attempt to make the seller reduce it
> If you go to a street market, you'd better be prepared to haggle.
> hanggle over: I was hanggling over the price of this souvenirs
> hanggler with: My mother is constantly haggling with street vendors

halt - a stop or pause]
> (verb) I was halted by the officer **on the way** to come here. Because of this I am late
> (noun) The bus came to a halt (= stopped) just in time to avoid hitting the wall.

withdraw - to take or move out or back, or to remove:
> I used your credit card to withdraw $200. I will pay this debt off by Monday, ok?
> The UN has withdrawn its troops from the country.
> Eleven million bottles of water had to be withdrawn from sale due to a health scare.

odds - the likelihood that a particular thing will or will not happen
> What are the odds on him being re-elected
> For taxpayers with incomes above $100,000 the odds of being audited in 2006 were 1 in 59.
> Against all odds, he believed in himself.
> The odds, in the short term anyway, favoured them.

write-off - to say officially that someone does not have to pay an amount of money |
> The US government agreed to write off debts of $170 billion.

turnover: the amount of business that a company does in a period of time
> The company's turnover doubled

invoice {fatura} - a list of things provided or work done together with their cost, for payment at a later time
> Various clients failed to pay up on time and unpaid invoices began to mount up

honour 
> you will see that the bank has refused to honor six of my cheques.

net income {lucro liquido} - the amount of income left after paying tax, costs etc
> Are your monthly credit payments more than 15–20 percent of your net income?

gross profit  - a company’s profit from selling goods or services before costs not directly related to producing them, for example interest payments and tax, are subtracted
> Gross profit for the quarter amounted to $11.2m.

greedy (adjective) - wanting a lot more food, money, etc. than you need
> He's greedy for money.

penniless - someone who is penniless has no money
> Uncle Charlie was jobless and penniless.

pennyworth - as much of something as could be bought for a penny | a small amount of something
> It won't make a pennyworth of difference to me

overspend - to spend more money than you should
> The hospital has already overspent (on) its budget

vanished - to disappear suddenly, especially in a way that cannot be easily explained | not now present or existing | no longer exists
> The temple ruins are a distant reminder of a vanished empire

peer - to look carefully or with difficulty
> She peered closely at the map
> When no one answered the door, she peered through the window to see if anyone was there.

chuckle - laugh quietly
> She was chuckling as she read the letter.

crammed - full of people or things
> The docks were crammed with people trying to board the boats.
> How can children learn in crammed classrooms?
> The lecture was really nice. It was crammed full of good ideas 

cling - to hold someone or something tightly
> Passengers clung desperately on to the lifeboats.


## Grammar

### Wish + past simple - Refering to hypothetical things
The verb wish refers to hypothetical things such as things we want, but which are impossible.

**Structure**: `wish + past simple`

**TIP** Why past simple? The past simple is used to current situations that can't be changed

**Examples**
> I wish I was better with money. I'm always in debt
> I sometimes wish I had a car, but I can't afford one.

#### wish + could
Use `wish plus could` to refer to abilities we would like.
> I wish I could swimming faster, but now I have reached my top speed
> I wish I could help you now, but today I have some guests in my house.

#### wish + would
Use `wish + would` to refer to habits or to people, organisations or things that are 'refusing' to do something.
> I wish the government would invest in schools more.
> I wish he would stop to arrive home drunk late at the night.

#### wish + past perfect (simple or continuous)
Use the structure `wish + past perfect` to refer to: 
* regrets about the past;
* to things in the past we now want to be different.
> I wish I'd invested all my money in google instead of yahoo.
> I wish we'd never sold that painting. Now days it's worth 20 times more.

#### wish + could have (done)
Use `wish + could have(done)`to refer to past possibilities
> I wish I could have done something, I am sorry.
> She wishes She could have done the graduation in medicine instead of engenering.
