

# Upper 3 - 29/01/2020

## Vocabulary and Expressions 
succeed - If you succeed, you achieve something that you have been aiming for, and if a plan or piece of work succeeds, it has the results that you wanted
> She's been trying to pass her driving test for six years and she's finally succeeded.

sailing - the sport or activity of using boats with sails
> I like to go to sailing

hitchhike - to travel to places by getting free rides from drivers of passing cars
> She spent her gap year hitchhiking around the world.

setoff -  to start to go somewhere /  make something start happening, especially when you do not intend to do so
> I'll set off early to avoid the traffic
> Hong Kong’s stock market fell, setting off a global financial crisis.
> we set off to LA

frightening - feel fear
> The movie that i saw last night was rather frightening

ran up
>  I ran up a big fine for driving out off the speed limit

owe - to need to pay someone for something that they have done for you or sold to you, or to need to give someone back money that they have lent you
> I still owe you for the taxi.
> How much do I owe you (=often used to show that you want to pay for something)?

bills - a piece of paper money/a request for payment of money owed, or the piece of paper on which it is written
> She ran up (= caused herself to have) a huge phone bill.
> Did you see a ten-dollar bill around here? I lose mine

/diagnostic/ ~ daiguinóstic
/pneumonia/ ~ newmounia
/anxiety/ ~ anquisaiati
/psychologist/ - saicologuist


## Grammar

### *Supposed to be -ing* - Talking about the Future

> We are **supposed to be doing** our homework today at night
> They're **supposed to be going** away for a few days next week

### Should - Talking about the Future
> He should get to yours by lunchtime.
