
# Upper 3 - 31/01/2020

## Vocabulary and Expressions 
Runny - More liquid than usual
> The butter had gone runny in the heat.

**Medical Vocabulary**
 /antibiotics/ - /antibayótics/ 
> [TAKING] - I'm taking antibiotics for a throat infection
> [ON] - He is **on** antibiotics for an ear infection
> [COURSE OF] - a one-month **course of** antibiotics

get a temperature ~ get a fever (a medical condition in which the body temperature is higher than usual and the heart beats very fast)
> I had got a temperature when I traveld to London
> He's got a headache and a slight **fever**.

upset stomach - a disorder of digestive function characterized by discomfort or heartburn or nausea. 
> She's had a stomach upset and is on antibiotics.

heartburn - A burning pain in the chest that is caused by stomach acid.
> If your heartburn persists, see your doctor.

cold (disease)
> I have got a cold

allergic **to** sth
> She is allergic to milk

sneezing - When you sneeze, air and often small drops of liquid suddenly come out of your nose and mouth in a way you cannot control
> Cats make me sneeze - I reckon I'm allergic to them

swell up - a **part** of your **body** that has **become** **bigger** because of illness or injury
> She said that her throat was swelling up

rash - a lot of small red spots on the skin
> My friend's got a terrible rash
> If you stay in the sun too long you'll get (a) **heat** **rash**

plaster - A small adhesive bandage to cover a minor wound; a sticking plaster.
> Put a plaster on it so that it doesn't get infected

crutch - a stick with a piece that fits under the arm, that you lean on for support if you have difficulty in walking because of a foot or leg injury
> Martin broke his leg and has been on crutches for the past six weeks.

Bruises - a purple or brown mark on your skin that you get because you have fallen, been hit etc
> Jack often comes home from rugby covered in cuts and bruises.
> How did you get that bruise on your shoulder?

Stiches - a length of special thread used to join the edges of a deep cut in the flesh
> He got hit with a broken bottle and needed five stiches in his head

Bump - an area of skin that is raised because you have hit it on something
> after he fell down He got a bump on the back of his head
>  She had a few injuries, mostly bumps and bruises.

Shortness of breath
Short of breath
> People with COPD will get short of breath when doing relatively easy things like going for a walk.

Runny nose - If your nose is runny, it is producing more mucus than usual, usually because you are ill
> I've got a runny nose

Feel rough - to feel ill
> Liz said she was feeling pretty rough yesterday -- I don't think she'll come to work today.

Throw up - to bring food or drink up from your stomach out through your mouth because you are ill
> I threw up tree times last night

sore (adjective) - painful and uncomfortable because of injury, infecion or too much use
> Last week I had a sore throat
> The muscles in my legs still feel very sore after all that exercise.

sprain - to cause an injury to a joint
> she sprained her ankle playing football

twisted ~ sprain- injured slightly by being bent
> It was nothing serious - just a twisted ankle

stumple {tropeçar} - to step awkwardly while walking or running and fall or begin to fall
> Running along the beach, she stumbled on a log and fell on the sand

## Grammar

### Uncountable Nouns
List 1: [clouth, cotton, dust, glass, ice, wood, plastic]

List 2: [weather, equipment, luggage, heat, **experience**, knowledge, traffic, advice]

#Food
List 3: [rise, beer, meat, sugar, tea, milk, water, bread]
