
# Upper 3 - 00/02/2020

## Vocabulary and Expressions 
succeed - If you succeed, you achieve something that you have been aiming for, and if a plan or piece of work succeeds, it has the results that you wanted
> She's been trying to pass her driving test for six years and she's finally succeeded.

Conceive

Took the opportunity 
> The government took the opportunity to introduce a new educational policy

Harnessed
The govern harnessed to introduce a new education policy

take your mind of the stresses

strain - something that makes you feel nervous and worried
> He's been under a lot of strain recently.
> An holiday will take your mind off the strains of work

row - a noisy argument or fight
> We have already had several rows about wheter we should go to the party or stay at home.

ripe -  completely developed | ready to be collected or eaten
> My daughter has reached that ripe old age of sixteen.
> The fruit turns red when it is ripe.
> Those bananas aren't ripe yet

yawn - to open the mouth wide and take a lot of air into the lungs and slowly send it out, usually when tired or bored
> He yawned loudly in the middle of her speech.

not/without so much as something - used when you are surprised or annoyed that someone did not do something {nem sequer fez {alguma cousa}}
> They left without so much as saying goodbye.
> He left without so much as a goodbye
> He’d received not so much as a thank you from Tiffany.
> He had never had a day of sickness, not so much as a cold.
>  How could he had eaten not so much as a single plate of rise
>  How could we have put their bag into ours without so much as a single check?

I couldn’t help myself/she couldn’t help herself - to be unable to stop yourself from doing something you should not do
> I was so tired, I couldn't help yawning.
> She knew she sounded just like her mother but she couldn’t help herself.

## Grammar

### Saying that behaviour is Predictable or Typical of someone - Criticism
Use the would to indicate typical or predictable behaviour of someone is a way to implies criticism.

> That is typical of you. You would be late for my party.
> well, he would criticize everything, wouldn't he?
> she didn't thanks me for my help, but i am not surprised. She wouldn't thank anyone for anything.


