---


---

<h1 id="week-2">09070909 - week 2</h1>
<h2 id="homework">Homework</h2>
<ul>
<li class="task-list-item"><input type="checkbox" class="task-list-item-checkbox" checked="true" disabled=""> e-Campus Lesson 1
<ul>
<li class="task-list-item"><input type="checkbox" class="task-list-item-checkbox" checked="true" disabled=""> ✔Tips for effective language learning Understanding Lectures</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="task-list-item"><input type="checkbox" class="task-list-item-checkbox" checked="true" disabled=""> e-Campus Lesson 2
<ul>
<li class="task-list-item"><input type="checkbox" class="task-list-item-checkbox" checked="true" disabled=""> In the desert</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="vocabulary">Vocabulary</h2>
<p>so much so that - to such an extent that.</p>
<ul>
<li>“I was fascinated by the company, so much so that I wrote a book about it”</li>
<li>Che was altered by the things he saw on that trip, so much so that the entire course of his life was changed.</li>
</ul>
<p>I’m thinking of TAKING UP Pilates / I got hurt playing soccer and it took me ages to GET OVER it / I CAME ACROSS a book on Tai Chi at the library. / He PUT the pain DOWN TO his failure to warm up.</p>
<p>come across -  to meet, find, or discover someone or something by chance</p>
<ul>
<li>Not many people outside Japan have come across Radio Taiso.</li>
</ul>
<p>Take sth up - to start doing a particular a activity or job</p>
<ul>
<li>Although yoga started out in India, few people practise it. Recently more Indians have <strong>taken it up</strong>, partly because it has become trendy in the West.</li>
</ul>
<p>use sth up - to finish a supply of something</p>
<ul>
<li>Don’t use up all the milk - we need some for breakfast.</li>
<li>The earth’s resources are being used up at an alarming rate.</li>
</ul>
<p>at stake - if something like money, a job, or someone’s reputation is at stake, it is in danger of being lost because of a particular situation</p>
<ul>
<li>The company’s reputation is at stake and they need to act quickly and decisively.</li>
<li>Up to 300 jobs are thought to be at stake at head office.</li>
<li>He couldn’t admit he was wrong, because he didn’t want to lose face in front of his boss. It was his credibility that was at stake.</li>
</ul>
<p>bring something to the table - to provide something that will be a benefit</p>
<ul>
<li>About this solution you are bringing to the table in this meeting: on the face of it it seems like a good idea but I wouldn’t rush into making a decision right away. How about having a couple of days to think about it?</li>
</ul>
<p>rush into (doing) something -to start to do something without considering if it is the right thing to do or the best way to do it</p>
<ul>
<li>The governor is pressuring the legislature to rush into increasing taxes.</li>
<li>This is not a market that wise investors will rush into.</li>
</ul>
<p>[E] Dissect a soap bubble</p>
<ul>
<li>Trying to understand beauty is like dissecting a soap bubble: if beauty is only in the eye of the beholder, it needs no definition or analysis.</li>
</ul>
<p>slim (adjective) - (especially of people) attractively thin</p>
<ul>
<li>She has a lovely slim figure.</li>
</ul>
<p>slim (verb) - to try to get thinner by eating less food and doing more exercise</p>
<ul>
<li>You don’t have much lunch - are you slimming?</li>
</ul>
<p>[S] I’m on a diet</p>

