# 09140916 - week 3

## Homeworke
- [X] e-Campus Lesson 1 
	- [X] Learning Langaues (2)
	- [X] Individual Learning Styles
	- [X] Language and Culture
- [X] e-Campus Lesson 2 
	- [X] Terrific Tours
	- [X] C1 Advanced Listening
- [X] e-Campus Lesson 3
	- [X] C1 Advanced Listening Part II 
- [X] Workbook
	- [X] 5C	 

## Vocaculary
monstly - 
- todo

epicure - a person who enjoys high quality food and drink
- todo 

littered - small pieces of trash that have been left lying on the ground in public places
- The park was littered with bottles and soda cans after the concert

undertaken - to do or begin to do something, especially something that will take a long time or be difficult
- several studies have ben undertaken on the differences in individual learning styles.
- Students are required to undertake simple experiments.

undertaken - to promise that you will do something
- She undertook not to publish the names of the people involved.
- The government undertook that the buildings would not be redeveloped.

contention - the disagreement that results from opposing arguments
- The issue has been settlend - it's no longer in contention
- the fact that each of these is different is not a point of contention

the extent to which - 
- ?

tended towards - To have a tendency or be inclined or disposed to display some behavior or characteristic
- he tended towards the visual type of learning when learning cookery.
- His fiscal policies tend toward conservatism, while his social policies tend toward liberalism.

furthermore - in addition; more importantly
- The house is beautiful. Furthermore, it's in a great location.

consistent with - in agreement with other facts or with typical or previous behavior, or having the same principles as something else
- *the conditions under which* he was observed are not **consistent with** good psychological practice.
- What the witness said in court was not consistent with the statement he made to the police.
- We do not consider his behavior to be consistent with the holding of a high-ranking job.

rather - quite; to a slight degree
- We got rather tired of travelling after a few days

hanker after/for sth - to have a strong wish for something, especially if you cannot or should not have it
- what did you hanker after most when you were in prision?
- even after all these years, i still hanker for a motorcycle

coiled - arranged in a series of circles, one above or inside the other
- a coiled spring
- he stteped over a coiled hose and went onto the grass.

hose {mangueira} - a long plastic or rubber pipe, used to direct water onto fires, gardens
- a garden/fire hose;

shake sth off - to get rid of an illness 
- i hope i can shake off this cold before the weekend
 
grim - worrying, without hope
- The future looks grim
- He was grim when he arrived at home after the work

featureless - looking the same in every part, usually in a way that most people consider to be boring
- a featureless desert
- a gray featureless landscape 

deaf - cannot hear

be on the verge

endour

fall asleep - to start to sleep
- I fell asleep as soon as my head hit the pillow.

cater - to provide, and sometimes serve, food
- Who catered your party?
- Which firm will be catering at the wedding reception?

grilling - an occasion when someone is asked a lot of questions for a long time
- She faced a grilling when she got home.

grilling - an occasion when someone criticizes you or says you have done something wrong
- The security guard gave me a grilling for taking photos of the building.

CAST DOUBT- When something causes a felling of uncertainty
- New video evidence has cast doubt on the defendant's claim
- The present decision cas doubt on his honest

CAST YOUR EYE OVER - to look at something with attention and give your opinion	
- Could you cast your eye over this speech I have written?
-  She just had a couple of minutes to cast an eye over the map before hitting the road, 

CAST A SHADOW OVER/ON STH - is when there’s a suspect that something won’t go well |  to make people feel less happy or hopeful about something
- getting a food poisoning cast a shadow over the rest of our holiday
- Her father’s illness cast a shadow over the wedding celebrations
- Her father's illness had cast a shadow over the birth of her baby

CAST YOUR MIND BACK - to think about something important that happened in the past 
- I would like you to cast your mind back to when you first travelled abroad

CAST THE NET WIDE - to involve a large variety of people or things
- They have cast the net wide by not asking job applicants for specific qualifications
- They always cast their net wide when they’re planning their holidays. 

CAST YOUR VOTE - take a decision
- You should cast your vote for the best candidate

CAST A SPELL - use words thought to be magic in order to have an effect on someone (many times this is used metaphorically, to express you don't understand someone's influence over another person)
- he little town cast its spell on me and I ended up staying there a week more. 

CASTING VOTE - A single vote, given by the person in charge of a meeting if the number of votes about something is equal, that decides the matter.
- If there is a tie in the final round between the top two contenders, the president of the association will have the casting vote.
- 1. We couldn’t decide which town to visit, so we ended up casting votes. 

### Sheets and Blankets
- A sheet generally covers the mattress 
- blanket covers you.
- mattress - the part of a bed that you lie on, made of a strong cloth cover filled with firm but comfortable material

- **Example**: 
	- please make the bed, first put on the bed sheet, next pillows and lastly the blanket.
	- please get my blanket, I'm cold.
	- my mattress needs a bed sheet before I can sleep on it.

### **Expressions** 
- **takes as its starting point** the human senses
- Most researchers support the notion that the visual learner is the most common type. **Yet this assumption should be questioned**
- **It may also be argued** that to base such a conclusion on so small sample is **arguably problematic**

## Grammar
### Enough, quite, so, such and too
Five of the most common modifiers are:  _enough, quite, so, such_  and  _too_.

1. **_Enough_  means 'the right amount or number'.** 
	A. It goes after an **adjective** or an **adverb**:
	- _I'm not tall enough to reach the top shelves._
	- _Don't worry. Your English is good enough to pass the exam._

	B. It also goes before nouns:
	- _There aren't enough eggs for the cake. Could you buy some more?_

	C. Use  _too/enough + for_  + phrase:
	- _The weather is too cold for the children._
	- _Are there enough sweets for all the kids?_

	D. Use _too/enough_  + infinitive:
	- _Do you feel strong enough to climb the hill?_
	- _'Have you got any money?' 'I haven't got enough (money) to buy everything.'_

2.  **_Too_ means 'more than is necessary or wanted'.**
	A. It is used before an adjective or adverb:
	- _I can't work with Joe. He does things too slowly._
	- _You're too young to go to clubs at night, Jimmy._

3.  **_Quite_  can mean 'fairly':**
	_I was quite surprised to learn he had failed the exam._

	**However**, in formal English, when it is used with non-gradable adjectives like:  _absurd, dead, true_, etc. it means 'completely'or 'totally':

	- _I think the whole idea is quite absurd._
	-  _What you say is quite true._

4. **_So_  generally used to emphasize what we say.**
	- _It was so hot that we decided to stay at the hotel._

	A. We can use it before an adjective or an adverb:
	- _He drove so quickly that the police stopped him._

	B. It can be used before  _much, many, few_  and  _little_:
	- _There were so many people that we couldn't get into the theatre._
	- _I regret it so much!_

5.  **_Such_  is also used to emphasize what we are talking about but we use it before adjective + noun:**
	- _I had such a bad day yesterday that I decided to go to bed early._

	A. We can also use it before a noun on its own:
	- _They made such a mess of everything that we couldn't find a solution._
	- _I've never seen such foolishness before! It's unbelievable!_

**Remember!**

A. Use  _so much_  before comparatives:
- _She looks so much happier now that she's moved into her house._

B. _Too_  can be used as a synonym of  _very_  in informal speech:
- _It's too kind of you to help me._

