# 09280930 - week 5
## Homewos
- [X] e-Campus Lesson
- [X] Workbook
- [X] G Platform

wind-up - to find yourself in an unexpected and usually unpleasant situation, especially as a result of what you do
- If he keeps doing stuff like that he's going to wind up in prison!
- You caused a lot of damage to your body recently by engaging in illegal street fights. You will wind-up with several serious sequelae if you continue with this

affair - a sexual relationship, especially a secret one
- She's having an affair with a married man.

telltale signs - telltale signs of something are obvious signs that it exists or it has happeneda | allowing a secret to become known
- She found lipstick on his shirts - the telltale sign that he was having an affair.

ill will - bad feelings between people because of things that happened in the past

**bear  sb  ill will** - to be angry with someone because of something they have done
- I bear him no ill will.

wishy-washy - having no colour, firm ideas, principles, or noticeable qualities of any type
- The candidate gave a few unsatisfactory wishy-washy answers.
-  ‘It’s OK’ is a rather wishy-washy answer. Try something more elaborate, please. 

nitty-gritty - the basic facts of a situation
- Let's get down to the nitty-gritty - how much will it cost?

- There is now a fashion for putting collections of cartoons into book form.
- We have seen an increase in the number of new comic books being released. 
- Sneezing and feeling hot and cold are tell-tale symptoms of the flu. 

give the story away - to tell people something secret, often without intending to

[E] I would be most obliged

heated discussion/debate ~~ childsh discussion/debate

left wing -> democratics
right wing -> republicans

[E] nobody has seen her since
- She dissapered 8 years ago, and nobody has seen her since

[G][FN[R] watch over sb - to protect someone and make certain that they are safe
- The president has several body-guard watching over him every moment.
- I will watch over you while we wait for help
- I will watch over this Temple and be ready to hear all the prayers that are offered here
- There must be an angel watching over me to day.

clench - hold something very tightly | to hold something tightly, or press together your lips or your hands in anger or determination
- With a knife clenched in/between his teeth, he climbed up the tree to cut some coconuts.
- The old man clenched his fist and waved it angrily at us.

hold back - to not speak or state an opinion
- I held back during the meeting because I knew that my opinions were too controversial.
- I could not hold back my thoughs in that moment, he was saying bad things about my brother

urge - a strong wish, especially one that is difficult or impossible to control
- She seem unable to control her sexual urge
- When someone talks about Jojo's bizarre adventure, I can never hold back the urge to join the conversation

stifle - to (cause to) be unable to breathe because you have no air
- I almost stifled because my head got stuck in the space between the washing machine and the wall. I was trying to remove the clothes that fell there.

grasp - to understand something, especially something difficult
- I think I managed to grasp the main points of the lecture.
- The government has acknowledged that homelessness is a problem but it has failed to grasp the scale of the problem.

a hail of sth - a lot of similar things or remarks, thrown or shouted at someone at the same time
- a hail of bullets
- The prime minister was greeted with a hail of insults as she arrived at the university.
- it is already being hailed as a literary classic.

on the whole ~ generally

[E][FN][G][R] let alone - used after a negative statement to emphasize how unlikely a situation is because something much more likely has never happened
- Some people never even read a newspaper, let alone a book.
- he is unable to respond to figurative language people use, **let alone** th way they are always wanting to touch or embrace him

[G][FN][R] backdrop - the view behind something
- The mountains form a dramatic backdrop to the little village.
- There is no backdrop of war or romance in this book.

net - to get something good or to earn a lot of money from something
- She netted herself a fortune when she sold her company.
- Mark's netted himself a top job with an advertising company.
- She netted $10 million (for herself) from the sale of her company.

each and every - You can refer to each and every member of a group to **emphasize** that you mean all the members of that group
- Each and every person responsible for his murder will be brought to justice. 
- They can't destroy truth without destroying each and every one of us. 

have a go at - Informal to try; attempt
- Here are a few classics she might want to have a go at.

every bit - to the same degree
- she was every bit as clever as her brother.
- In fact, until last night he was every bit as sceptical as you.

## Grammar 

### Suffix '-ness': Adjective to Noun
A noun ending in 'ness' means the state of the original adjective.

For example, hungriness means ‘the state of being hungry. Below are ten sentences which require a noun ending in 'ness'.

### Nominalisation
The process of **nominalisation** turns **verbs** (actions or events) into **nouns** (things, concepts or people).

- He failed, which angered his parents. -----> **His failure** caused **his parents’ anger**.
- The police investigated but uncovered no evidence. -----> **The police investigation** uncovered no evidence.

From the example about, when a verb is nominalised, it becomes a concept rather than an action.

As a consequence, the tone of your writing will sound more abstract and also more formal; for example.

- Crime was **increasing** rapidly and the police were becoming **concerned**. ----> The rapid **increase** in crime was causing **concern** among the police.

- Germany **invaded** Poland in 1939. This was the immediate cause of the Second World War **breaking out**. ----> Germany's **invasion** of Poland in 1939 was the immediate cause of the **outbreak** of the Second World War.

- The **temperature** of the planet **is** **rising** as a result of global warming. ----> The **rise** of the planet's **temperature** is a result of global warming.

#### Collective Groups

One of the most common reasons for nominalising adjectives in English is when the adjective has been used to denote a  **collective group**. This is then changed to a noun by simply omitting the original noun in the sentence (people) and adding 'the'.

-   The government needs to do more to help  homeless people
-   The government needs to do more to help the homeless  
    
-   Poor people  often have a lower life expectancy than  rich people
-   The poor  often have a lower life expectancy than  the rich

-   I've always found  French people  very friendly
-   I've always found  the French  very friendly

#### Examples

1️⃣ Candidates **insulted** each other. 
- Candidate exchange insults .

2️⃣ Most American citizens watched the debate to **be aware** of the candidates political views.
- Most American citizens watched the debate to have awareness of the candidates political views
- Most American citizens watched the debate to increase awareness of the candidates political views

3️⃣ The American population **is concerned** with major social issues going on in the USA.
-  The American population showed concern for major social issues going on in the USA.


## References
- [Nominalisation](https://unilearning.uow.edu.au/academic/3b.html)
- [Grammarwiz - Nominalisation](https://www.grammarwiz.com/nominalisation.html)
