# 10121014 - week 7
## Homework
- [X] e-Campus Lesson
- [X] Workbook
- [X] G Platform


## Vocabulary

set aside - to keep or save something from a larger amount or supply in order to use it later for a particular purpose
- Have you set aside some money for your child’s education?
- How much time do you set aside for exercising during the week?

[E][N][R] go in for - to do something regularly, or to enjoy something
- I've never really **gone in for** classical music, but I love jazz.
- What kind of exercise do you **go in for**?
- I don’t go in for golf much.

taken up - to fill an amount of space or time | to start doing a particular job or activity
- Have you taken up any new forms of exercise in the last twelve months?

keep up with - to continue to be informed about something
- He’s never made an effort to keep up with current events.

[E][FN][G][R] puts off - delay doing something | to make someone not want to do something, or to make someone not like someone or something | discourage
- I’ll put off going to Quebec until you’re well enough to take care of yourself again.
- I put off going to the doctor but I wish I hadn’t.
- Don’t let your failures put you off trying harder.

fell back on {recorrer} - o have recourse to | to use or do something else after other things have failed
- She always has her teaching experience to fall back on
- He lose all his money in Las vegas, so he had to _fall back on_ their reserves

[E][N] hit on - to suddenly have an idea
- They hit on the idea of celebrating the occasion with a concert.
- Alberto Peres hit on zumba when he was taking an aerobics class in his native country.

get out of sth - to avoid doing something that you should do or that you said you would do
- I said I’d meet him, but now I want to get out of it.
- He’s trying to get out of tidying his room.
- See if you can get out of that meeting tomorrow.

carry out - to do something that you have said you will do or that you have been told to do | to do something important
- The construction work was carried out by a local contractor
- Dr Carter is carrying out research on early Christian art.
- Don't blame me, I'm only carrying out my orders/instructions.

homebody - a person who likes spending time at home rather than going out with friends or travelling to different places
- I'm a homebody, so I knew traveling would be tough.

stay-at-home - someone who does not like to go to parties or events outside the home (and is considered boring)

- [E] I'm an indoor person
- I'm a **stay-at-home kind  of  guy**.
- I was very much a homebody.

wishy-washy -  having no colour, firm ideas, principles, or noticeable qualities of any type
- The candidate gave a few unsatisfactory wishy-washy answers.
- Watercolours are too wishy-washy for my taste.

 nitty-gritty - the basic facts of a situation
- Let's get down to the nitty-gritty - how much will it cost?

[E][G][R] IN THE THROES OF - experiencing or doing something that is difficult, unpleasant, or painful | difficulties or pain
- He's in the throes of a mid-life crisis that makes him pretty hard to live with.
- The country is presently in the throes of the worst recession since the Second World War.
- He was in the throes of despair after losing his job.

FALL FROM GRACE - a situation in which someone stops being respected by other people or loses their position of authority
- He was the head of the intelligence service until his fall from grace.

TO BE DRAWN IN - be involved in the storyline

ethos - the set of beliefs, ideas, etc. about the social behaviour and relationships of a person or group
- national ethos
- working-class ethos
- The ethos of the traditional family firm is being threatened.

right on the button - exactly correct
- She was right on the button when she said I'd regret moving out.

[E][G][FN][R] right off the bat - right away | If something happens right off the bat, it happens immediately
- He learned right off the bat that you can't count on anything in this business.
- I found what I wanted right off the bat.

[E][G][FN][R] I would be obliged (if) - used when you are asking someone politely to do something
- I would be obliged to receive your instructions on this matter.
- I would be obliged if you could read it to us.

flair -natural ability to do somehting well
- He has a flair for languages

flair - a situation in which something is done in a exciting and interesting way
- He played with great imagination and flair
- It's a competent enough piece of writing but it lacks flair

draw on/upon sth - to start using a supply of something
- He has secured a loan for a new building by drawing upon the resources of two existing tenants.

come about - to happen, or start to happen
- How did the problem come about in first place?
- How did such a confused situation come about?
- She was late again, but I'm not sure how it came about this time.

gaze - to look at something or someone for a long time, especially in surprise or admiration, or because you are thinking about something else
- He spends hours gazing out of the window when he should be working.

[E][FN][G][R]don't bet on it - used to tell someone that you think something is unlikely to be true or to happen 
- "Do you think they'll give me back the money they owe me?" "I wouldn't bet on it."

glow - to produce a continuous light and sometimes heat
- A nightlight glowed dimly in the corner of the children's bedroom.
- This substance is so radioactive that it glows in the dark.

peddle - to sell things, wspeciallly by taking them to different ´places
- these products  are generally peddled door to door

take over - to begin to have control of something
- The firm was badly in need of restructuring when she took over

wary [~ cautious]- not completely trusting or certain about something or someone | careful because you do not completely trust someone or something or are not certain about what you should do
- I'm a little wary of/about giving people my address when I don't know them very well.
- I had been told that the locals were a little wary of outsiders.

[N][R]affable - friendly and easy to talk to
- He struck me as an affable sort of a man
- She was quite affable at the meeting
- We were met by an extremely affable woman who greeted us warmly

[E][FN][R]be out of breath - gasping for air, typically after exercise
- he arrived on the top floor out of breath

ascent ~ climb - the act of climbing or moving upwards
- She made her first successful ascent of Everest last year.
- As the plane made its ascent, we saw thick smoke coming from one engine.
- It was a steep ascent and by the time we reached the house we were out of breath

steep -  rising or falling at a sharp angle | a road, hill etc that is steep slopes at a high angle
- The road became rocky and steep
- a steep slope
- It's a steep climb to the top of the mountain, but the view is worth it.

setting - the surroundings or place in which something is put | the position of a house or other building
- When we reached the house, it felt like the setting for a fairy tale movie.
- the position of a house or other building

[N][R] cosy - comfortable and pleasant, especially (of a building) because of being small and warm
- This room is nice and cosy in the winter.
- He showed me into a cosy little room.
