# 10261028 - week 9
## Homework
- [X] e-Campus Lesson
- [X] Workbook
- [X] G Platform
	
## Vocabulary
[FN][G][R] put sth off - to decide or arrange to delay an event or activity until a later time or date
- The meeting has been put off for a week.
-  I can't put off going to the dentist any longer.

pull sb/sth in - to attract people to come to a performance or to buy things
- The movie failed to pull in younger audiences.
- Reducing the cost of the course for students really pulled them in.

put someone up - to inform some body or to hook them up with something
- can you put me up for the night on tuesday when I'm in the town?

put down to - Give as an explanation
- He didn't score many, but we can PUT that DOWN TO inexperience
- I'm not as supple as I used to be, but i put down to my age

to get a task for -  To acquire a preference, inclination, or desire for some kind of food or drink.
- At first I was repelled by the thought of eating bugs, but they're a common snack in this country, and I got a taste for them eventually.
- She had gotten a taste for power after serving as mayor for two years.
- It's funny how something can taste so disgusting when you're a kid, but then you end up getting a taste for it as you grow up.

steep - rising or falling at a sharp angle
- It is a steep path, so our walking will be hard

strain - an injury to a muscle or similar soft part of the body caused by using that part too much
- a groin/hamstring strain
- Some of these exercises put too much strain on the back muscles.
- The goalkeeper is still out of action with a knee strain.
-  What I didn’t know when I started is that running normally puts intense strain on your body, and you may risk serious injuries. 
- Doing pushups improperlycan put too much strain on your body

prevail - to get control or influence
- I am sure that common sense will prevail in the end.

laugh sth off - to make yourself laugh about something unpleasant in order to make it seem less important or serious
- She tried to laugh off their remarks, but I could see she was hurt.

take something -  up to become interested in a new activity and to spend time doing it
 - Roger took painting up for a while, but soon lost interest.
 - I decided to take up  running, to improve my health conditions and take my overall performance to another level. 

If you are trying to hide your unhappiness because of your company's problems; well it is not a good idea, since minor problems will inevitably develop into more serious matters.

twinge {pontada} - a sudden short feeling of physical or mental pain
put away - interrupt someone to do something
- If runners have a small muscle strain, or even if they have a **twinge** in a joint, this could **put them away** from physical activities for weeks, maybe months. 
- I felt a twinge in my knee.

sprain - to cause an injury to a joint by a sudden moviment
ankle - the joint between the foot and the leg, or the thin part of the leg just above the foot
- i fell over and **sprained** my **ankle**

**Text snippet**
```
Ultra-marathons can be really challenging, it requires you to be extremely prepared to perform this activity. Since athletes in this kind of sport run an unbelievable amount of kilometers in only a single day, they put too much strain on their legs and back. So in order to not get injuries such as the sprained ankle, twinges in their keens and back, etc. Before the competition, they must follow various procedures such as warm-up and proper stretching.
```



## Grammar
### Verb Patterns
- TODO
#### Verb + to + inf.
#### Verb + object + to + inf.

### Verbs to Nouns
Here is a list of some common nouns ending in -_ee, -er, -or, -ing, -ment_:

#### Verbs -  **Nouns ending in -ee**
absent -  **absentee**

tutor -  **tutee**

trust -  **trustee**

employ -  **employee**

#### Verbs -  **Nouns ending in -er/-or**
paint -  **painter**

sing -  **singer**

act -  **actor**

employ -  **employer**

#### Verbs -  **Nouns ending in -ing**
paint -  **painting**

wed -  **wedding ***

save -  **saving**

stuff -  **stuffing**

#### Verbs -  **Nouns ending in -ment**
equip -  **equipment**

encourage -  **encouragement**

arrange -  **arrangement**

embody -  **embodiment**

* The verb  _wed_  is not used very much nowadays.

#### **Remember!**
Sometimes we just add the noun endings to the verb, e.g.  _equip_  -  _equipment_.
Sometimes we have to make some other changes, e.g.  _embody_  -  _embodimen_

#### Examples
1.  Firstly, **making** the booking takes ages.
    
2.  Then  **waiting** for the documentation to arrive is frustrating.
    
3.  **Making** sure your passport and visas are in order can mean endless phone calls.
    
4.  **Travelling** to the airport by car can be problematic.
    
5.  **Deciding** to take the train can be even worse.
    
6.  **Being** left on the station platform biting your nails can be awful.
    
7.  **Eating** in airport cafeterias is always disappointing.
    
8.  Finally **getting** on the plane is such a relief.
