# 11091111 - week 11
## Homework
- [X] e-Campus Lesson
- [X] Workbook
- [X] G Platform

## Vocabulary 

I've been spreading myself too thin

furlough - not going to your job, usually temporarily, because your employer does not have work for you or money to pay you
- After safety concerns, the company furloughed all 4,000 of its employees.
- 2,300 workers were involuntarily furloughed to help the company reach its goal of reducing the workforce by 20 percent.

jinxed - having or believed to bring bad luck
- I must be jinxed - whenever I wash a wine glass, it breaks.
- Some people believe the family is jinxed.
- It seemed the production might be jinxed.

notoriety - the state of being famous for something bad
- The public is unhappy about the notoriety of the mayor
- He achieved/gained notoriety for being difficult to work with as an actor.


outlaw (noun) - a person who has broken the law 
- Robin Hood was an outlaw who lived in the forest and stole from the rich to give to the poor.

outlaw (verb) - to make something illegal or unacceptable
- The new law will outlaw smoking in public places

feat - something difficult needing a lot of skill, strength, courage, etc. to achieve it
- The Eiffel Tower is a remarkable feat of engineering.
- She performed remarkable feats of organization for the company.

undergo - to experience something that is unpleasant or something that involves a change
- After the accident, he underwent reconstructive surgery to rebuild his face.
- She underwent an operation on a tumor in her left lung last year.
- The company is undergoing a radical reorganization.
- He seems to have undergone a change in attitude recently, and has become much more co-operative.

ill-fated - unlucky and unsuccessful, often resulting in death
- The ill-fated aircraft later crashed into the hillside.

bragging rights - entitlement to boast about something
- She earned bragging rights for completing the project on time.


to have bragging rights 

feat # feast

wayward - behaving badly, in a way that is difficult to control
- He was a wayward kid.
- A wayward ball bounced into the yard.

bouncing - healthy and energetic 
- we've got two grandchildren - a three year old girl and a bouncing baby boy

haphazard - not having an obvious order or plan
- he tackled the problem in a typically haphazard manner

conspicuous - very noticeable or attracting attention, often in a way that is not wanted
- In China, her blonde was conspicuous
- He tried not to look conspicuous and moved slowly along the back of the room.

broad-brush - describing or considering something or someone in a very general way, without paying attention to small details
- the analysis takes a very broad-brush approach to the question of regional inequalities,


- would like you to come to dinner one evening?
- I'm sorry to hear that

trip - an occasion when you knock your foot against something and fall or lose your balance, or someone causes you to do this, when you are walking or running
- She broke her ankle when she had a nasty trip on the stairs.

stub - to hurt your toe by hitting it against a hard object by accident
- As I was walking down the stairs, I tripped and stubbed my toe. 

stub - the short end which is left after the main part of something has been used or removed, as of a pencil
- I put the ticket stubs in my pocket after we went into the theater.

bruise (noun) - an injury or mark where the skin has not been broken but is darker in colour, often as a result of being hit by something
- His arms and back were covered in bruises.
- She had a few cuts and bruises but nothing serious.
- One or two of the peaches had bruises on them.

bruised (adj) - having bruises
- a bruised shoulder/knee/elbow
- She was badly bruised but otherwise unhurt.

bruised (adj) - emotionally hurt as a result of a bad experience
- Divorce generally leaves both partners feeling bruised.

chip - a small piece that has been broken off a larger object
- Miranda chipped a tooth and had to go to the dentist to get it fixed.


graze (noun) - an injury on the surface of your skin caused by rubbing it against something rough
- Her legs were covered with cuts and grazes.

graze {raspar} - to touch and rub against something while passing it, causing slight damage
- The bullet only grazed his leg.

pull - to injure a muscle by stretching it too much
- I pulled a muscle in my back lifting some drawers.
- He pulled a hamstring.
- Paul pulled a muscle trying to lift the freezer.

strain - an injury to a muscle or similar soft part of the body caused by using that part too much
- Don’t lift that sofa by yourself – you’ll strain your back. *

I look out the window and see clouds **threatening to block out** the sun, but the sky isn’t remarkable in any way.

[E][N][FN] crack me up - when someone says something funny and you start laughing uncontrollably you say "YOU CRACK ME UP!"

we grasped your message
